Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 263

Criminal Case No 8 of 2023

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Liang Shoon Yee  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Liang Shoon Yee

[2023] SGHC 263

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 8 of 2023  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
21–24, 28 February, 1, 7 March, 11 July 2023

18 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Liang Shoon Yee, is a 35-year-old male Malaysian national. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle dated 9 January 2023 (“AB”) at p 356.

He claimed trial to a single charge of trafficking in a controlled drug under
s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) read
with s 5(2). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) (21 February 2023) at p 2, lines 3 to 20.

The charge reads as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Arraigned Charges dated 9 January 2023 (“Arraigned Charges”); see also AB at p
443.

YOU ARE CHARGED at the instance of the Public Prosecutor and the [charge]
against you [is]:

That you, LIANG SHOON YEE,

on 15 October 2019, at about 10.10 pm, in room 701 of Equarius Hotel located
at Resorts World Sentosa, Singapore, did traffic in a Class A controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking
twenty packets containing not less than 488.56 grams of crystalline substance,
which were analysed and found to contain not less than 327.74 grams of
methamphetamine, without any authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section
5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) and punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA,
and further upon your conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be
punished under section 33B of the MDA.

(the “Charge”)

2 It is useful at this juncture to set out the applicable statutory provisions
in the MDA:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by [the MDA], it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(b) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(c) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

(2) For the purposes of [the MDA], a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

Presumption concerning trafficking

17. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

…

(h) 25 grammes of methamphetamine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

3 Section 2 of the MDA also provides the following definition for the term
“traffic”:

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of [the MDA], and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning;

Background facts

4 At the time of the accused’s arrest, he was working as a project assistant
with a company called Gao Ji Food Pte Ltd. He was also receiving a salary from
his father’s logistics company for assisting with various administrative
tasks. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE (21 February 2023) at p 8, lines 5 to 8.

This was in addition to a monthly allowance his father gave him. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 5, lines 26 to 32; AB at p 356, para 2.

5 The accused had become acquainted with Lim Wee Lee Tenzin Nyijee (“Tenzin”),
also known as “Tai Zi”, through a mutual friend known as “Xiao Hui”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE (24 February 2023) at p 40, lines 3 to 4.

The conversation between the accused and Tenzin on the messaging platform
“WhatsApp”, which comprised text messages, audio messages, photographs,
screenshots and videos, shows that the accused began supplying various
controlled drugs to Tenzin. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE (21 February 2023) at p 8, lines 14 to 22; Exhibit P477 at pp 2-7, 19, 46,
50, 54-55 and 58.

This included the sale of methamphetamine, or “ice”, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 16, lines 15 to 16.

and ecstasy. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 51, lines 29 to 30.

6 According to Tenzin, he used to obtain his drugs from one Yeo Zi Xiang, who
was also referred to as “Damien”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE (24 February 2023) at p 12, lines 20 to 25; p 21, lines 27 to 28.

Damien and a man known as “Bob Smiley” were partners in the business of
selling drugs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE (24 February 2023) at p 14, lines 4 to 11; p 22, lines 14 to 15; p 23,
lines 2 to 5.

Tenzin claims that Damien and Bob Smiley were interested in developing a close
relationship with the accused so as to obtain drugs at a cheaper price. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE (24 February 2023) at p 20, lines 17 to 18.

He maintains that his role was merely to act as a translator between Bob
Smiley, who was a Malay man, and the accused. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE (24 February 2023) at p 22, lines 24 to 27.

This is despite the fact that none of the messages in the WhatsApp
conversation make any reference to Damien or Bob Smiley. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 30, lines 24 to 25; NE (24 February 2023) at p 38,
lines 16 to 26; Exhibit P477.

In any case, regardless of whether Tenzin was acting on Bob Smiley’s behalf,
it cannot be seriously disputed that Tenzin had placed orders with the accused
on multiple occasions for various drugs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See Exhibit P477 dated 24 February 2023 at pp 2 (item 15), 5 (item 57), 14
(item 161), 19 (item 208), 35 (item 429), 37 (item 463) and 50 (items 677,
680, 683).

7 On 13 October 2019, Tenzin ordered 250 grams of methamphetamine, or “ice”,
from the accused for $4,900. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 11, lines 2 to 3; NE (28 February 2023) at p 61, line
32 and p 62, line 1; Exhibit P477 pp 100, 105.

This was conditioned on the quality of the methamphetamine supplied. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 62, lines 12 to 20; Exhibit P477 pp 99 (items 1542
and 1543) and 105 (item 1665).

In other words, Tenzin wanted to sample the methamphetamine before deciding
whether to proceed with the purchase.

8 On the morning of 14 October 2019, the accused agreed to accompany Tenzin to
a hotel in Sentosa. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Exhibit P477 at p 117.

The accused picked Tenzin up from Carlton City Hotel at about 2.30pm. They
reached the Equarius Hotel in Sentosa about 20 minutes later. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 71, lines 8 to 30.

The closed-circuit television (“CCTV”) footage from the hotel shows Tenzin
carrying a backpack, wearing a pouch and wheeling a piece of luggage. The
accused, on the other hand, brought a clutch bag, a black duffel bag and a
blue bag. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 72, lines 3 to 20.

They checked into Room 701, which was booked in Tenzin’s name.

9 According to the CCTV footage, the accused left the hotel with his blue bag
and his black duffel bag at around 6.54pm. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 74, lines 14 to 29.

Tenzin remained in the room. At 8.11pm, Tenzin sent the accused a voice
message over WhatsApp after smoking a sample of the methamphetamine provided
by the accused. This sample was taken from a packet which had a sticker
labelled “125”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 76, lines 23 to 24; p 77, line 25.

He stated: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 76, lines 1 to 5.

My head is very pain. The---because this thing is not very good stuff, after
burning or smoking, my head one side is fucking pain for 1 hour. This stuff
very weird. I tell you, you take back. Next shipment, better stuff, then give
me. Sorry for the trouble.

10 At 8.24pm, Tenzin informed the accused of his intention to head to
Vivocity, a shopping mall nearby. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Exhibit P477 at p 121 (item 1964).

As Tenzin was unable to find a driver on Grab, a ride-hailing mobile
application, the accused drove his car (“the Car”) back to the hotel to bring
Tenzin to Vivocity. The duo then had their dinner and did some shopping. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB at pp 358 and 359, para 6.

They returned to the hotel in the early hours of 15 October 2019.

11 On 15 October 2019, two men met Tenzin at the hotel lobby at about 4pm.
These men, who were each carrying a pouch and some plastic bags, followed
Tenzin to Room 701. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 80, line 1 to p 81, line 29.

One of the men was identified as Bob Smiley, whom the accused described as a
bald Malay man who was about 1.75m tall. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB at p 393, para 32.

On Tenzin’s account, Tenzin and the accused smoked methamphetamine with Bob
Smiley and the other man in the hotel room for the next four hours. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 82, lines 21 to 27.

During this time, Bob Smiley ostensibly told Tenzin that he did not like the
methamphetamine provided by the accused. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 82, lines 21 to 27.

Bob Smiley and his companion left the room at around 8pm.

12 At around 8.45pm, the accused and Tenzin left the hotel for Vivocity. This
was because Tenzin had arranged to meet with a man known as “Ah Wai” to sell
him drugs, specifically 20 ecstasy tablets and one box of Erimin-5 tablets. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 84, lines 1 to 2; p 85, lines 22 to 23.

“Ah Wai” was in fact Staff Sergeant Lau Chien Meng Allan (“SSG Lau”), an
undercover officer from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“the CNB”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB at p 219, para 3.

The accused parked the Car at the carpark on the third floor. Tenzin proceeded
to complete the transaction by passing 20 ecstasy tablets and ten slabs of
Erimin-5 tablets 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB at p 221, para 9.

to SSG Lau at 9.11pm in return for the sum of $1,150. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE (21 February 2023) at p 10, lines 13 to 17.

The accused was not present for this transaction but remained in the vicinity
of the carpark. Both the accused and Tenzin were arrested at or near the lift
lobby close to the carpark shortly after the transaction was completed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB at p 295.

13 Following the arrest, the CNB officers conducted a search on Tenzin and the
accused. Six Erimin-5 tablets wrapped with silver and red packaging, along
with some money, were found on the accused. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB at pp 295 and 318, para 6.

A sling pouch, an Equarius Hotel room access card and $1,150 were recovered
from Tenzin. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB at p 220, para 7.

14 They also searched the Car in the presence of Tenzin and the accused. They
recovered, among other things, one packet of crystalline substance, one packet
containing 25 green tablets and one Erimin-5 tablet. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB at p 282, para 6.

15 The officers then escorted the accused back to Room 701. When they arrived
at about 10.10pm, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB at p 316, para 7.

they conducted a search of the room and seized: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB at pp 283-286.

(a) two packets of green crystalline substance;

(b) one container containing crystalline substance;

(c) one packet of powdery substance;

(d) two packets containing ten green tablets each;

(e) one packet containing eight green tablets;

(f) one packet containing five green tablets;

(g) one packet containing four blue tablets;

(h) one packet containing two blue tablets;

(i) nine packets of crystalline substance;

(j) one silver package containing crystalline substance;

(k) one packet containing fourteen tablets and one aluminium foil;

(l) one packet containing five packets of crystalline substance;

(m) 29 tablets wrapped with silver and red packaging;

(n) one envelope containing 20 tablets wrapped with silver and red packaging;

(o) one packet of brown vegetable matter;

(p) one packet of white powdery substance;

(q) one packet containing two tablets and one aluminium foil;

(r) one packet containing two yellow tablets;

(s) one envelope containing 12 slabs of ten tablets with each slab wrapped
with silver and red packaging;

(t) one blue bag containing four packets of crystalline substance and one
packet of green crystalline substance; and

(u) one white box containing a blue pouch which held two packets of
crystalline substance.

The exhibits were packed in separate tamper proof bags. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB at p 249, paras 10-11.

Contemporaneous statements were taken from Tenzin and the accused at about
11.40pm. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB at p 226, para 15.

16 While the search of Room 701 was ongoing, the Car was towed to Woodlands
Checkpoint where a search by the K9 unit was carried out. Nothing further was
found. The Car was brought back to the CNB headquarters (the “CNB HQ”) 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB at p 325, para 7.

where photographs of the Car were taken. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB at p 328, para 4.

17 After the completion of the search in Room 701 and processing of the scene
by the CNB forensics team, the CNB officers commenced photo-taking of the
locations where the items were seized. The entire process concluded at about
4.05am on 16 October 2019. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB at p 413, para 6.

The officers then separately escorted Tenzin and the accused to their official
residential addresses on Stratton Drive and Balestier Road respectively. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB at p 226, para 17; p 261, para 10.

Tenzin’s mother informed the officers that Tenzin was no longer staying at the
property on Stratton Drive. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB at p 226, para 17; p 235, para 15.

A search of the accused’s apartment also revealed nothing of relevance. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB at p 309, para 7.

The duo were brought to the CNB HQ, where their urine samples were taken. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB at p 365, para 17; p 256, para 7.

18 At about 10.15am, Tenzin and the accused were escorted to a room adjacent
to a Exhibit Management Room. The two rooms were separated by a glass panel,
such that Tenzin and the accused were able to witness photo-taking of the drug
exhibits through the glass panel. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AB at p 329, para 5.

Following the photo-taking process, Tenzin and the accused witnessed the
weighing of the drug exhibits. The exhibits which were to be sent to the
deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”) Profiling Laboratory were packed into brown
paper bags, while the remaining exhibits were packed into tamper-proof polymer
evidence bags. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB at p 414, para 13.

19 Tenzin and the accused were then brought to Alexandra Hospital to undergo
pre-statement medical examinations. After the said examinations, they were
transported to the CNB HQ for their cautioned statements to be recorded under
s 23 of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2012 Rev Ed) (the “Criminal
Procedure Code”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB at p 330, paras 11-12; p 338, paras 8-9; p 339, para 3.

This process was carried out from 10.27pm to 11.42pm on 16 October 2019. They
then returned to Alexandra Hospital for their post-statement medical
examination before they were handed over to lockup officers at the Central
Police Division. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB at p 330, para 12.

20 From 18 to 20 October 2019, the CNB referred the accused to the Cluster
Medical Centre in the Changi Prison Complex (the “Complex Medical Centre”) for
a drug withdrawal assessment. The doctors who assessed the accused concluded
that he tested negative for non-opioid drug withdrawal and that the accused’s
rate of drug consumption of opioids was “likely to be NOT APPLICABLE”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB at p 198, paras 6-7.

The accused also did not complain of any drug withdrawal symptoms during this
time.

21 The accused was also examined by a consultant from the Department of
Forensic Psychiatry at the Institute of Mental Health on three occasions – 30
October, 4 November and 7 November 2019. The consultant’s report noted that
while the accused had a history of problems with drug abuse, his “current
clinical presentation [was] otherwise not suggestive of the presence of any
mental illness or intellectual disability”. The consultant therefore concluded
that the accused was not of unsound mind at the material time of the alleged
offence and was fit to plead in a court of law. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB at p 205, para 18.

22 Further statements were recorded from the accused on 21 October 2019 at
3.49pm, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB at p 341.

22 October 2019 at 2.57pm and 7.12pm, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB at pp 342-343.

23 October 2019 at 11am 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB at p 345.

and 23 October 2019 at 2pm. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB at p 346.

A blood specimen was also obtained from the accused on 23 October 2019 for the
purposes of obtaining his DNA sample. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB at p 352, para 15.

The accused provided two additional statements in 2020 – once on 3 July 2020
at 10.30am and another on 18 December 2020 at 2.17pm. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB at pp 439-440.

He gave a final statement on 9 June 2021 at 3.25pm. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB at p 441.

This final statement was volunteered by the accused to an investigating
officer who had arrived at the prison to serve six additional charges on the
accused. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 27(a).

23 The exhibits pertaining to the Charge are as follows: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Exhibit P480.

S/N| Exhibit| Type of drug| Quantity of drug (g)  
---|---|---|---  
1 | D1A1F1| Methamphetamine| 83.15  
2 | D1B1| 79.95  
3 | D1A1E1| 21.75  
4 | D1A1H| 14.11  
5 | D1A1L3 (3 packets)| 44.53  
6 | D1A1L1A| 27.91  
7 | D1A1L2A| 0 (negligible)  
8 | D1A3A (2 packets)| 14.39  
9 | D1C| 0.36  
10 | D1A1D| 10.47  
11 | D1A1G| 3.46  
12 | D1A1R| 6.16  
13 | D1B4| 5.17  
14 | D1A2A (2 packets)| 6.44  
15 | D1B2| 9.23  
16 | D1B3| 0.66  
Total| 327.74  
  
The parties’ cases

24 As evident from the table in the preceding paragraph, the Charge concerns
20 packets of methamphetamine which were found in the accused’s black duffel
bag in Room 701.

25 The Prosecution argues that the accused trafficked all 20 packets of
methamphetamine. The presumption concerning trafficking under s 17(h) of the
MDA applies as the total weight of methamphetamine in the 20 packets exceeds
25 grams. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at para 19.

The Prosecution takes the position that the accused failed to rebut this
presumption.

26 First, the accused admitted that he had brought Exhibits D1B1 and D1A1F1 to
the Equarius Hotel with the intention of selling them to Tenzin. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at para 19.

27 Second, the accused conceded that he had previously sold methamphetamine in
quantities of 62.5 grams and 25 grams. This contradicts his claim that the
packets weighing less than 125 grams could not have been for sale. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at paras 23-24.

28 Third, the accused’s claims that he possessed some of the packets of
methamphetamine for collection and consumption are without merit. The accused
provided inconsistent accounts as to his possession and ownership of the 20
packets. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at para 27.

He also lied in his statements about his ownership of Exhibits D1B1 and
D1A1F1. The Prosecution argues that these lies constitute Lucas lies, ie, lies
which the court may take into consideration as amounting to corroboration of
evidence of the accused’s guilt: see Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus v Public
Prosecutor [2011] SGCA 52 (“Kamrul”) at [18]. The accused also did not possess
the financial resources to keep the 18 packets for his own collection or
consumption. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at paras 50-52.

29 Fourth, the accused inflated his consumption rates of methamphetamine in an
attempt to account for the methamphetamine found in his possession. His
explanation that he had reported a lower consumption rate in his earlier
statements to qualify for the “low risk programme” for admission to the Drug
Rehabilitation Centre (the “DRC”) and the long-term (“LT”) imprisonment regime
was not believable. The subsequent inflated rates which the accused reported
were also materially undercut by the medical evidence. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 43-44.

30 Conversely, the accused’s case is that none of the 20 packets were in his
possession for the purpose of trafficking. He raises three main defences to
rebut the presumption.

31 First, his intention was to return two of the packets of methamphetamine in
his possession (Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1) to the person who had entrusted him
with them. In his view, this avails him of the defence of bailment as the
accused was in possession of these packets for the sole purpose of returning
them to the person who had given them to him in the first place (the “Bailment
Defence”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions dated 1 June 2023 (“DCS”) at para 15.

32 Second, some of the packets were in the accused’s possession for his
personal consumption (the “Consumption Defence”). To this end, the accused
points to his previous history of drug abuse, inconsistent rates of
consumption and adequate financial means. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at paras 21-26.

He also never asserted that the packets of drugs, save for Exhibits D1A1F1 and
D1B1, were for sale and there is no evidence that he intended to traffic in
small quantities of drugs.

33 Third, the accused possessed some of the packets as part of his own
personal collection (the “Collector’s Defence”). This was because of his
“passion for collecting methamphetamine”, in particular larger, intact, and/or
unique pieces. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at para 33.

The methamphetamine in those packets therefore was neither for trafficking nor
for the accused’s own consumption.

34 Finally, the accused argues that Exhibit D1B3, which contained 0.66 grams
of methamphetamine, was not in his possession for the purpose of trafficking
as it was only intended to be provided as a sample to Bob Smiley. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at para 36.

Issues to be determined

35 Three elements must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt to establish an
offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA: Chong Hoon Cheong v
Public Prosecutor [2022] 2 SLR 778 (“Chong Hoon Cheong”) at [4]; Zainal bin
Hamad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1119 (“Zainal”) at
[49]:

(a) possession of a controlled drug (the “Possession Element”) – which may be
proved or presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA or deemed under s 18(4) of the
MDA;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug (the “Knowledge Element”) – which may
be proved or presumed under s 18(2) of the MDA; and

(c) the said possession of the drug was for the purpose of trafficking which
was not authorised (the “Purpose Element”). This element must be proved if
either or both of the Possession and Knowledge Elements have been presumed, or
this may be presumed under s 17 of the MDA if both the Purpose and Knowledge
Elements are proved.

36 The accused accepts that he was aware that he was in possession of the 20
packets containing 327.74 grams of methamphetamine at the time of his arrest.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at para 2.

In other words, the Possession and Knowledge Elements are proved beyond a
reasonable doubt. This also means that the fulfilment of the Purpose Element
may be presumed under s 17(h) of the MDA. The onus is on the accused to rebut
this presumption on a balance of probabilities: see, eg, Muhammad bin Abdullah
v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 427 (“Muhammad”) at [26].

37 Therefore, in deciding whether the Prosecution has proven its case against
the accused beyond a reasonable doubt, the following issues arise for
determination:

(a) whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 by way of the Bailment Defence;

(b) whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibits D1A1E1, D1A1H, D1A1L3, D1A1L1A, D1A1L2A, D1A3A and
D1C by way of the Consumption Defence;

(c) whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibits D1A1D, D1A1G, D1A1R, D1B4, D1A2A and D1B2 by way of
the Collector’s Defence; and

(d) whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibit D1B3.

Issue 1: Whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 by way of the Bailment Defence

38 The accused raises the Bailment Defence in relation to Exhibits D1A1F1 and
D1B1. These two exhibits, which have a total gross weight of close to 250
grams, refer to two packets of crystalline substance containing 83.15 grams 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB at p 73.

and 79.95 grams 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB at p 82.

of methamphetamine respectively. In his statement on 9 June 2021, the accused
admitted that he was supposed to pass 250 grams of crystalline substance
containing “ice”, ie, methamphetamine, to Tenzin on the day of his arrest. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB at p 465; Defence’s Reply Submissions dated 3 July 2023 (“DRS”) at para 5.

He identified Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 as the two packets comprising the 250
grams. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB at pp 466-467.

39 Despite this admission, the accused submits that the presumption of
trafficking should not apply as the accused held the drugs for the sole
purpose of returning them to the person who deposited the drugs with him. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at para 10.

He cites the case of Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 1 SLR 1003 (“Ramesh”). In that case, the Court of Appeal held at [114]
that:

… In the vast majority of cases, it can reasonably be assumed that the
movement of drugs from one person to another, anywhere along the supply or
distribution chain, was done to facilitate the movement of drugs towards their
ultimate consumers. It is clear, however, that this assumption does not hold
true in the case of a person who merely holds the drugs as “bailee” with a
view to returning them to the “bailor” who entrusted him with the drugs in the
first place. Such a person cannot, without more, be liable for trafficking
because the act of returning the drugs is not part of the process of supply or
distribution of drugs.

[emphasis in original in italics]

40 This does not mean that any “bailee” who receives drugs intending to return
them to the “bailor” will never be liable for trafficking. As the accused
accepts, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS at para 14.

the key inquiry is whether the “bailee” knew or intended that the “bailment”
was in some way part of the process of supply or distribution of the drugs:
Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2022] 1 SLR
535 (“Roshdi”) at [115].

41 On the facts, Tenzin rejected Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 on the basis that
the methamphetamine in these packets looked too “powdery” and that the sample
he smoked had caused him to have a headache. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at paras 17(b)-17(d).

The accused had then informed his supplier that he wanted to return the two
packets of methamphetamine. His supplier agreed. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Exhibit P481 at p 105 (item 1791).

As such, the accused argues that at the time of his arrest, he was in
possession of Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 for the sole purpose of returning them
to his supplier. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at paras 15 and 18.

His sole intention at that point in time was to facilitate the movement of the
drugs away from the end-consumer and back to his supplier. The Bailment
Defence should, as a result, be available to him.

42 I do not accept the accused’s Bailment Defence. I begin with the context in
Ramesh where the Court of Appeal discussed the bailment defence. The facts of
Ramesh were as follows. The first appellant, Ramesh, and the second appellant,
Chander, were drivers working in a Malaysian company which made deliveries to
various places in Singapore. On one occasion, Chander drove Ramesh into
Singapore in a lorry. After clearing the checkpoint, Ramesh received a bag
containing bundles of diamorphine from Chander and drove off in another lorry
which was parked at a carpark along Woodlands Road. Ramesh was subsequently
arrested in possession of the bag of drugs and charged with possession of the
drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

43 The Prosecution argued that Ramesh had agreed to deliver the drugs to a
third party at Chander’s behest. However, it was unclear who Ramesh was
supposed to deliver the drugs to or how much he would gain for delivering the
drugs. Chander also testified that Ramesh had been extremely reluctant to
deliver the drugs. The Court of Appeal thus concluded at [87] that there was a
reasonable possibility that Ramesh had merely been safekeeping the drugs for
Chander and had intended to return them to him later that day. The Prosecution
then argued that, even if Ramesh had intended to return the drugs to Chander,
that act of delivery would have constituted “trafficking” under s 2 of the MDA
(Ramesh at [87]). This argument triggered the discussion in Ramesh on the
bailment defence.

44 The Court of Appeal noted that the parliamentary intention behind the
provisions pertaining to drug trafficking was to target those involved in the
supply and distribution of drugs. Therefore, it stated at [110] that:

… a person who returns drugs to the person who originally deposited those
drugs with him would not ordinarily come within the definition of
“trafficking”. It follows that a person who holds a quantity of drugs with no
intention of parting with them other than to return them to the person who
originally deposited those drugs with him does not come within the definition
of possession of those drugs “for the purpose of trafficking”. There is a
fundamental difference in character between this type of possession and
possession with a view to passing the drugs onwards to a third party. In the
former situation, the returning of the drugs to a person who already was in
possession of them to begin with cannot form part of the process of
disseminating those drugs in a particular direction – ie, from a source of
supply towards the recipients to whom the drugs are to be supplied – because
the act of returning the drugs runs counter to that very direction. On the
other hand, in the latter situation, the intended transfer of the drugs to a
third party is presumptively part of the process of moving the drugs along a
chain in which they will eventually be distributed to their final consumer.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

45 The crux of the bailment defence as expressed in Ramesh is therefore that a
“bailee” who comes into the possession of drugs for the sole purpose of
safeguarding these drugs for a “bailor”, the person from whom the “bailee”
received the drugs, and not to facilitate the movement of the drugs toward
third parties should not be considered to have “trafficked” these drugs under
the MDA. It was also on this basis that the Court of Appeal in Roshdi held at
[115] that the key inquiry is whether the “bailee” in question knew or
intended that the “bailment” was in some way part of the process of the supply
or distribution of the drugs.

46 It is clear, however, that the accused was not merely safeguarding Exhibits
D1A1F1 and D1B1 for his supplier, with no intention to part with them other
than to return them to his supplier. Instead, the accused clearly collected
the packets of methamphetamine from his supplier and brought them to the
Equarius Hotel with the intention of fulfilling the order which Tenzin had
placed with him on 13 October 2019. This was confirmed by the accused not only
in his statement on 9 June 2021 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB at p 465, para 3.

but also in cross-examination. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 27, lines 23 to 30; p 46, lines 1 to 2.

In other words, the accused came into the possession of the drugs with the
intention of selling them to Tenzin. It was only upon Tenzin’s rejection of
the methamphetamine that the accused was forced to arrange for the return of
the drugs to his supplier. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 27, lines 6 to 8.

47 Applying the test expressed in Roshdi, the accused clearly knew or intended
that his possession of the two packets of methamphetamine was in some way part
of the process of supply or distribution of the drugs. In fact, his possession
of the drugs was intended to directly facilitate the supply of the drugs to
Tenzin, the end-user. To allow the accused to avail himself of this defence
simply because his attempt to sell the drugs was frustrated by Tenzin’s
rejection of the drugs would be to defeat Parliament’s intention for the
provisions in the MDA to effectively target individuals involved in the supply
and distribution of drugs. It would also unduly extend the scope of the
bailment defence beyond ensuring that individuals who are merely safekeeping
the drugs in their possession with no intention of passing them onward to a
third party at any point in time are not caught under the definition of
“trafficking” under s 2 of the MDA.

48 For these reasons, I reject the Bailment Defence and find that the accused
failed to rebut the presumption concerning trafficking under s 17(h) of the
MDA. Therefore, I accept that Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1, which contain a total
of 163.1 grams of methamphetamine, were in the accused’s possession for the
purpose of trafficking.

Issue 2: Whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibits D1A1E1, D1A1H, D1A1L3, D1A1L1A, D1A1L2A, D1A3A and
D1C by way of the Consumption Defence

49 The accused also raises the Consumption Defence with respect to Exhibits
D1A1E1, D1A1H, D1A1L3, D1A1L1A, D1A1L2A, D1A3A and D1C. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at para 21.

These exhibits refer to ten packets of crystalline substance containing a
total of 123.05 grams of methamphetamine:

S/N| Exhibit| Description| Weight (g)| Amount of methamphetamine (g)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | D1A1E1 88

##### Foot Note 88

× AB at p 72. | A packet containing crushed crystals of methamphetamine tied up with a rubber band| 32.45| 21.75  
2 | D1A1H 89

##### Foot Note 89

× AB at p 75. | A small Ziploc bag containing white crystalline substance| 20.98| 14.11  
3 | D1A1L3 90

##### Foot Note 90

× AB at p 77. | Three small Ziploc bags containing white crystalline substance| 66.08| 44.53  
4 | D1A1L1A 91

##### Foot Note 91

× AB at p 76. | A transparent plastic packet with a sticker placed on it labelled “42.3g” containing white crystalline substance | 41.66| 27.91  
5 | D1A1L2A 92

##### Foot Note 92

× AB at p 60. | A small Ziploc bag containing crystalline substance| 0.13| 0 (negligible)  
6 | D1A3A 93

##### Foot Note 93

× AB at p 81. | Two transparent plastic packets containing white crystalline substance| 21.37| 14.39  
7 | D1C 94

##### Foot Note 94

× AB at p 84. | A small Ziploc bag containing white crystalline substance | 0.55| 0.36  
Total weight (g)| 183.22| 123.05  
  
50 When an accused person relies on the defence of consumption to rebut the
presumption under s 17 of the MDA, the court will consider the overall
circumstances of the case. The relevant circumstances include (see Muhammad at
[31]; Chong Hoon Cheong at [45]):

(a) the rate of drug consumption;

(b) the frequency of supply;

(c) whether the accused had the financial ability to afford the drugs;

(d) whether the accused made a contrary admission in any of his statements
(ie, that the whole quantity of the drugs was for sale);

(e) how the accused came to be in possession of the drugs; and

(f) the accused’s possession of drug trafficking paraphernalia.

51 The Court of Appeal also held in Chong Hoon Cheong at [46] that the “key
pillar and essential foundation” of a consumption defence is the “rate of
consumption”. The other factors listed above are secondary factors which flow
from the accused person’s rate of consumption. It is therefore for the accused
person alleging such rate of consumption to show this rate by credible
evidence: Sulaiman bin Jumari v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 557 at [117].
The court will not find that a consumption defence is made out simply on the
“mere say-so” of the accused: Muhammad at [30], citing Jusri bin Mohamed
Hussain v PP [1996] 2 SLR(R) 706 at [63].

The accused’s rate of consumption

52 Having examined the statements of the accused as well as his testimony at
trial, it is clear that he has been inconsistent in his claims pertaining to
his rate of consumption. The following is a list of the accused’s claims
pertaining to his rate of methamphetamine consumption, in chronological order:

(a) on 18 October 2019, the accused was examined by Dr Edmond Phua at the
Complex Medical Centre and he claimed that he had smoked 0.5 grams of “ice”
daily in the preceding six months; 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB at p 197.

(b) on 22 October 2019, the accused admitted in his statement recorded at
about 2.57pm that he would have smoked less than 0.5 grams of “meth” daily and
he would spread this amount throughout the day; 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB at p 365, para 18.

(c) on 23 October 2019, the accused stated in his statement recorded at about
2pm that he would have smoked about 3.5 to 5 grams of “meth” weekly; 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB at p 402, para 48.

(d) on 30 October, 4 November and 7 November 2019, the accused was examined by
Dr Lee Kim Huat Jason at the Complex Medical Centre and claimed that he had
been using methamphetamine on a daily basis for “not more than 0.5gram a day
on average”; 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB at p 204, para 13.

(e) on 3 July 2020, the accused claimed in his further statement recorded at
about 10.30am that he could have smoked about 3 to 5 grams of “ice” per day on
average. He also added that he could have smoked about 5 to 7 grams of
methamphetamine when he had friends around; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AB at p 452.

(f) on 18 December 2020 at about 2.17pm, the accused recounted the events on
15 October 2019 in a further statement recorded. He estimated that he had
smoked about 1 gram of “meth” in a 20-minute smoking session and another 1.5
grams in a subsequent period lasting between 30 to 45 minutes; 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AB at pp 461–462, paras 62 and 65.

(g) on 7 March 2023, in the course of his evidence-in-chief, the accused
stated that he had smoked 0.5 grams of methamphetamine on each occasion he had
smoked and suggested that he had smoked three to four times a day; 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 6, lines 25 to 27.

(h) on 7 March 2023, in the course of cross-examination, the accused reverted
to his claim on 3 July 2020 that he would have smoked 3 to 5 grams of
methamphetamine a day on average; 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 84, lines 7 to 9.

and

(i) on 1 June 2023, the accused stated in his closing submissions that he had
consumed less than 0.5 grams of methamphetamine per day on average, although
he would sometimes consume up to 4 grams of methamphetamine in a day. In the
same paragraph, however, the accused repeated his claim that he would have
smoked 3 to 5 grams of methamphetamine a day on average and about 5 to 7 grams
when he had friends around. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at para 25.

53 The accused’s reported consumption rate of methamphetamine increased about
ten-fold between his accounts in October and November 2019 and his subsequent
accounts in and after 2020. The Prosecution argues that these inflated rates
from 3 July 2020 onwards were “an afterthought” intended to justify the
amounts of methamphetamine in the accused’s possession. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS at para 42.

54 The accused’s explanation as to why he intentionally depressed his
consumption rates upon his arrest is that he had done so to qualify for the
“low-risk programme” for admission to the DRC. According to the accused’s oral
testimony, this programme involves a shorter period of incarceration: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 75, lines 13 to 23.

A Because I’ve been to DRC, I’ve been to---I mean, my previous two sentence
was on consumption. So in---in this, yah, when---when I was in there, there’s
this programme. They will categorise us as low-risk, medium-risk or high-risk.
So in order to get a---there’s a few---few category that you have to hit in
order to get, like, maybe you can get a 9-month programme because if let’s say
I was in DRC for 18 month and I---I only sit 9 month, and the other 9 month I
will go out on programme. So the first criteria is you have to be very---your
risk must be low and your consumption rate must be---must cannot be too
hardcore. So from there I---I get---I mean I---I know that I have to, like try
to lower my---my---my risk of---of my consumption that’s why I give this---
this amount. But actually I’m taking more.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

This “low-risk programme” appears to be a broad reference to the Community-
based Programmes at the DRC, which allow suitable inmates to serve their
remaining sentences outside prison premises.

55 In addition, the accused claims that this “low-risk programme” is also
available for the LT imprisonment regime. This regime imposes heavier
penalties for drug consumption offences, with a mandatory minimum of five
years’ imprisonment for drug abusers who are arrested for, or admitted to an
approved institution for, at least the third time. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 77, lines 22 to 29.

Despite this mandatory minimum sentence, the accused states that individuals
sentenced to LT imprisonment may nonetheless “get up to 1 year of early
release” by being “out on [electronic] tagging” if their risk levels are
assessed to be low. The accused therefore decided to report a lower rate of
consumption so as to “have a better chance of going out early”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 80, lines 4 to 5.

56 As such, the accused only began accurately reporting his rate of
consumption in 2020. He emphasises that any confusion arising from the
differing reported rates stems from the fact that he did not have a “fixed
rate of consumption of methamphetamine”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at para 25; NE (7 March 2023) at p 80, lines 21 to 24.

57 The Prosecution disputes the accused’s assertions. This is because the
accused admitted that he was, at all times, unaware of the exact rate of
consumption which would allow him to qualify for the programme. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 78, lines 1 to 5.

The accused would have also known, at the time of his accounts in October and
November 2019, that he would be facing a charge for drug trafficking. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB at pp 443-444; PCS at para 43.

This charge would have rendered him ineligible for the programme at the DRC.

58 In addition, the Prosecution points out that the inflated rate of
consumption claimed by the accused does not cohere with the medical evidence.
The evidence of Dr Edmond Phua, who had examined the accused at the Complex
Medical Centre on 18 October 2019 (three days after the accused’s arrest), was
that the accused had been physically well and exhibited no withdrawal
symptoms. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE (23 February 2023) at p 28, lines 9 to 14; p 28, line 28 to p 29, line 8; p
29, line 29 to p 30 line 5.

The accused remained in this favourable state from 18 to 20 October 2019. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB at pp 197-198; NE (23 February 2023) at p 31, lines 1 to 3.

Dr Phua stated that this lack of withdrawal symptoms was consistent with the
accused’s account that he had smoked less than 0.5 gram of methamphetamine per
day for the preceding six months. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE (23 February 2023) at p 31, lines 4 to 9.

On the contrary, it was “highly unlikely” for an individual who had been
consuming 3 to 5 grams of methamphetamine daily for six months to have
exhibited no withdrawal symptoms in the six days following his arrest. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE (23 February 2023) at p 31, lines 17 to 26.

Such an individual would “manifest at least a few symptoms or signs”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE (23 February 2023) at p 32, lines 9 to 11.

59 On the evidence before me, I find that the accused was consuming
methamphetamine at an average rate of less than 0.5 gram a day, even if he had
in fact smoked more than this amount on occasion.

60 I address the parties’ arguments in turn.

61 First, it is undisputed that the accused was unaware of the exact
consumption rate required for entry into the “low-risk programme” at the DRC.
That being said, this fact is inconclusive in itself given that the accused
could very well have depressed his consumption rate to bolster his chances of
qualifying for the programme. As such, I place no weight on this fact for the
purpose of determining the accused’s actual rate of methamphetamine
consumption.

62 Second, the Community-based Programmes at the DRC and any “low-risk
programme” pertaining to the LT-regime under s 33A of the MDA are only
available to individuals facing drug consumption charges. The accused was
aware of this fact: his testimony at trial reveals that he knew the Community-
based Programmes at the DRC were reserved for such individuals 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 77, lines 14 to 18.

and that the LT-regime applied to his case because he had already been
arrested for drug consumption offences twice before. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 75, lines 13 to 14; p 77, lines 22 to 23.

The accused was therefore aware that reporting a low rate of drug consumption
would only be beneficial to him if he was charged with a drug consumption
offence.

63 Although the accused acknowledged on 16 October 2019 that he was facing a
drug trafficking charge, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB at p 443.

he argues that he nevertheless under-reported his rate of methamphetamine
consumption as he retained the subjective belief that it would accord him some
advantage at the DRC or in terms of the LT-regime. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DRS at para 20.

This subjective belief was engendered by the alleged agreement between him and
Tenzin to blame Bob Smiley for the drugs in Room 701. In the light of this
agreement, the accused had ostensibly been hopeful that the ownership of most
of the drugs would be solely attributed to Bob Smiley and that, as a result,
the accused would eventually only be charged with drug consumption or, at the
very most, drug possession. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 76, lines 23 to 25.

If so, depressing his rate of methamphetamine consumption might have been
“helpful” in ameliorating a potential sentence. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DRS at para 20.

64 I do not believe that the accused possessed this subjective view. In the
accused’s statement on 21 October 2019, which was recorded after he had told
Dr Edmond Phua at the Complex Medical Centre that he had smoked 0.5 grams of
“ice” per day, the accused did not state that the drugs in Room 701 had
belonged to Bob Smiley. Instead, he claimed possession of four packets of
methamphetamine and said that he did not know who the rest of the drugs
belonged to. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB at p 360, para 9.

Had the accused been under the subjective belief that under-reporting his rate
of drug consumption would be beneficial to him, he would have sought to
maximise his chances of being charged with only drug consumption offences. He
could have easily done so by adhering closely to his alleged agreement with
Tenzin to attribute the ownership of the drugs to Bob Smiley. The accused,
however, made no such efforts. This contradicts his claim that he subjectively
believed he would be charged with a drug consumption offence and therefore
that the depression of his methamphetamine consumption rate would be
advantageous to him.

65 Third, I accept that the medical evidence supports the accused’s initially-
reported consumption rate of less than 0.5 gram of methamphetamine per day.
While Dr Edmond Phua is not an “expert on withdrawal symptoms”, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE (23 February 2023) at p 33, lines 7 to 8.

his evidence was founded upon his numerous first-hand interactions with drug
abusers during his nine-year stint at Complex Medical Centre. I therefore find
his observation, that individuals who consume 3 to 5 grams of methamphetamine
daily for a period of six months will exhibit some signs or symptoms of
withdrawal, to be credible. Here, the accused exhibited no such signs or
symptoms at all in the days following his arrest. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE (23 February 2023) at p 28, lines 9 to 14; p 28, line 28 to p 30, line 20.

I do not find his account that he managed to “get better” in the intervening
two days between his arrest and his examination by the doctors at Complex
Medical Centre convincing. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 79, lines 11 to 23.

It therefore follows that his subsequent inflated rate of consumption is not
true.

66 Fourth, the accused was unable to explain the change in his reported rate
of methamphetamine consumption. Apart from stating that he smoked more on some
days and less on others, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 83, line 27.

the accused could not provide any reason as to why he had reported the
different rates: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 83, lines 13 to 22.

Q It says: [Reads] “One day on average, I can smoke about 3 grams to 5 grams.”

A Yes.

Q In October 2019, you say on average, you smoke 0.5 grams per day.

A Yes.

Q So you agree with me, firstly, this is a difference?

A Yes.

Q Now explain to me why.

A I can’t explain it.

Q Which is the truth, Mr Liang?

A Both are the truth.

[emphasis in italics]

67 The accused also added to the confusion surrounding his rate of
methamphetamine consumption by asserting that his initial accounts were
“partly true”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 82, line 20.

This was despite his claim that he had intentionally depressed his consumption
rate in his earlier accounts in October and November 2019. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 81, lines 13 to 21.

Specifically, when the accused was asked whether his initial account that he
smoked 0.5 grams per day or his subsequent reported rate of 3 to 5 grams per
day represented his true rate of consumption, he replied, “[b]oth are the
truth”. The accused’s insistence on holding on to the two contradictory
positions renders his account inconsistent and diminishes the plausibility of
his subsequent position being true.

The accused’s financial means to afford the drugs

68 The accused submits that he possessed the financial means to purchase
methamphetamine and other drugs “as and when he needed and at varied
quantities for his own consumption”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at para 26(b).

His father would give him a monthly allowance of about $5,000 on top of his
salary of $3,000. He also claimed, at trial, that he could have asked his
father for more money at any point in time. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 5, lines 1 to 3.

This meant that the accused did not have any financial incentive to profit
from the trafficking of drugs and was not hindered by the cost of drugs. He
was therefore able to purchase a new batch of drugs for his own consumption
after he depleted around half of his supply of drugs. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DCS at para 27.

Having a constant supply of drugs served to assuage his fears of suffering
withdrawal symptoms should his access to drugs be suddenly disrupted. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS at para 27.

69 On the other hand, the Prosecution argues that the accused did not have
sufficient financial means to afford the drugs. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions dated 3 July 2023 at para 23.

Even taking the allowance from the accused’s father into account, the accused
would still need to pay for his household expenses, car rental costs and drug
purchases from his supplier. The Prosecution also points to text messages
between the accused and his supplier which suggest that the accused needed to
wait for Tenzin to pay him before he could pay his supplier. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCS at para 52.

70 Based on the evidence before me, I am prepared to accept that the accused
possessed the financial ability to afford the methamphetamine in the ten
packets of crystalline substance. According to the accused, his supplier
charged him $2,300 per 125 grams of crystalline substance containing
methamphetamine. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 65, line 29 to p 66, line 3.

This amounts to $18.40 per gram of crystalline substance. The ten packets of
crystalline substance, which possessed a gross weight of 183.22 grams, would
have cost approximately $3,400. Moreover, the 61.15 grams of crystalline
substance which the accused claims comprised his personal collection would
have cost him an additional $1,125 (see [85]).

71 The accused testified that he had a monthly cash inflow of $8,000. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE(7 March 2023) at p 86, lines 9 to 14.

Although the accused was saddled with various expenses and was the sole
breadwinner of his family, which included his pregnant wife and their two
children, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 40, lines 3 to 20; Exhibit P479 at p 10.

the accused was able to ask his father for more money whenever he wished and
his father would give him the money without question. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 5, lines 1 to 7.

This fact was not seriously contested by the Prosecution. In addition, given
the accused’s testimony that he purchased the drugs in different batches, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 14, lines 23 to p 15, line 5.

the financial cost of the drugs would have been borne by the accused over an
extended period of time. I also do not consider the single text message sent
by the accused to his supplier stating that his “bank inside no money” 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Exhibit P481 at p 102 (item 1745).

to be demonstrative of the accused’s financial situation at the time. I
therefore find that, on balance, the accused possessed sufficient financial
resources to afford the drugs.

Frequency and quantity of supply

72 The accused states that he would order his drugs in quantities of 25 or 50
grams and that he would place another order when he was left with half of the
amount he ordered or when he thought the drugs were of a high quality. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 15, lines 18 to 28.

The accused states that he had batches of methamphetamine being delivered to
him at least once every “few days”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE (7 March 2032) at p 72, lines 19 to 20.

He also reveals that he had multiple suppliers providing him with drugs. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AB at p 401, paras 46-47; NE (7 March 2023) at p 13, line 27; p 15, line 5; p
90, line 15; p 72, lines 12 to 13.

73 The fact that the accused had easy and frequent access to relatively large
quantities of methamphetamine indicates that the ten packets in dispute here
were not entirely intended for his consumption. I consider which packets were
in his possession for his own consumption below at [78]–[83]. For present
purposes, I find that there was simply no need for him to stockpile such a
large amount of methamphetamine. Instead, he could have placed new orders at
fixed intervals. This is buttressed by the accused’s testimony that he
preferred consuming methamphetamine from newer batches of drugs. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 15, lines 23 to 25.

The overall circumstances of the case

74 Following my finding that the accused was consuming methamphetamine at a
rate of less than 0.5 gram per day at the time of his arrest, the amount of
methamphetamine contained in all ten packets of crystalline substance (123.05
grams) would have been enough to last the accused over 246 days. In the light
of the accused’s ready and frequent access to drugs, I do not accept that the
accused intended to stockpile 123.05 grams of methamphetamine for his own
consumption over such a long period. There was simply no need to. This is so
even if the accused was able to garner sufficient financial resources to
purchase this amount of methamphetamine for himself.

75 Moreover, the accused states that he obtained his methamphetamine through
25-grams or 50-grams packets of crystalline substance purchased from his
suppliers. He would purchase a new batch whenever he depleted around half of
his present supply. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at para 27.

Assuming he dealt exclusively in terms of 50-grams packets, this means that he
would have only had a maximum of about 75 grams worth of crystalline substance
at any point in time. This amount is, however, less than half the amount of
crystalline substance which the accused now claims was for his own consumption
(183.22 grams). The shortfall cannot be explained even if one accepts the
accused’s explanation at trial that he would make additional orders of batches
of methamphetamine which he deemed of particularly high quality. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 15, lines 19 to 23; DCS at para 27(b).

To this end, the accused only expressly indicated that Exhibit D1A3A, which
had a gross weight of 21.37 grams, was obtained as a result of such additional
orders. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 19, lines 12 to 19.

There is therefore no credible evidence to support the accused’s defence that
he possessed all ten packets of methamphetamine for the purpose of his own
consumption.

76 The question, then, is whether any of the ten packets were for the
accused’s consumption. Tenzin’s testimony confirms that the accused possessed
his own stash of methamphetamine which was meant only for his own consumption.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 17, lines 20 to 21.

This stash is distinct from the drugs which the accused intended to sell to
his customers. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 18, lines 6 to 8.

Tenzin also corroborates the accused’s account that the two of them smoked
methamphetamine in Room 701 on 15 October 2019. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 82, lines 26 to 27; AB at pp 461-462, paras 61-62.

I therefore accept that the accused had brought his supply of methamphetamine
which was intended for his own consumption to Room 701.

77 I turn now to examine each of the exhibits which the accused avers form
part of his “consumption” stash.

Exhibits D1A1L3 and D1A1H

78 I find that Exhibits D1A1L3 and D1A1H were intended only for consumption.
The accused states that he had obtained these exhibits from a supplier named
“WuYa” on three separate occasions:

(a) 25 grams of methamphetamine about one and a half months before the
accused’s arrest;

(b) 25 grams of methamphetamine about two weeks before the purchase in (a);
and

(c) 50 grams of methamphetamine some time before the purchase in (b). 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

AB at p 401, para 46.

The accused describes these exhibits as comprising his “rainy day stock”,
which would tide him through delays in his supply of drugs without suffering
withdrawal symptoms. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 15, lines 9 to 32; p 18, lines 11 to 14.

79 I accept the accused’s explanation pertaining to these two exhibits.
According to the accused’s contemporaneous statements in October 2019, he
identified Exhibits D1A1L3 and D1A1H as packets of methamphetamine belonging
to him. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AB at p 366, para 21.

These exhibits were left on the hotel room table by the accused. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

AB at p 360, para 9.

Given that Tenzin smoked from Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 (which were intended
for sale to him), 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE (28 February 2023) at p 76, lines 21 to 28; p 78, lines 14 to 15.

and the two Malay men smoked from either Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 or their own
packets of methamphetamine, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

AB at p 393, para 33; NE (1 March 2023) at p 16, lines 4 to 14.

there was no reason for the accused to take out Exhibits D1A1L3 and D1A1H from
his black duffel bag unless they were intended for his own consumption in the
hotel room.

80 I note that the combined gross weight of Exhibits D1A1L3 and D1A1H (87.06
grams) is inconsistent with the accused’s evidence that he would place orders
for drugs in quantities of 25 or 50 grams and place another order when he was
left with half of these amounts. As observed earlier at [75], this would
result in him possessing an inventory of roughly 75 grams of crystalline
substance containing methamphetamine, assuming he dealt in quantities of 50
grams. Nevertheless, although Exhibits D1A1L3 and D1A1H weighed slightly more
than 75 grams, I find that there is a reasonable possibility that the drugs in
these exhibits comprise the accused’s “consumption” stash of methamphetamine.

Exhibit D1A1L2A

81 I also agree that Exhibit D1A1L2A, a small Ziploc bag containing white
crystalline substance, was for the accused’s own consumption. The accused
postulated that Exhibit D1A1L2A was the leftover of a “sample” provided to him
by a supplier which he never got around to finishing. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 17, lines 6 to 28.

Given that the small Ziploc bag was almost completely empty, I accept the
accused’s explanation that the miniscule amount of methamphetamine found in
the Ziploc bag reflected the remains of a “sample” which a supplier had
provided him with. This sample would have necessarily been for the accused’s
own consumption.

Exhibit D1A1L1A

82 I do not accept that Exhibit D1A1L1A was intended for the accused’s own
consumption. Exhibit D1A1L1A is a transparent plastic packet containing white
crystalline substance. There is a sticker on the packet with “42.3g” written
on it. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

AB at p 378.

The accused confirms that he was the one who affixed the sticker onto the
packet. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 95, lines 13 to 15.

In my view, there was no need for the accused to have indicated the weight of
the packet on the sticker unless the packet was intended for sale or for
onward movement along the supply chain. Indeed, if the packet was intended
solely for the accused’s own consumption, he would not be concerned with the
precise weight of the packet as this weight would change along with his
consumption of the drug. The accused could have weighed this fluctuating
weight at any point in time as he owned two digital weighing scales – one was
retrieved from the Car by the CNB officers 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

AB at p 282.

while the other was found in Room 701. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

AB at p 366, para 21.

Moreover, the accused did not identify Exhibit D1A1L1A as belonging to him
both in his contemporaneous statements as well as his statement recorded on 3
July 2020. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

AB at p 450, A17.

Exhibits D1A1E1, D1A3A and D1C

83 I take the view that Exhibits D1A1E1, D1A3A and D1C did not constitute part
of the accused’s “consumption” stash of methamphetamine. These exhibits were
not specifically identified by the accused in his contemporaneous statements
in October 2019 as drugs belonging to him. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

AB at pp 364-366.

The accused only claimed that these exhibits belonged to him in his statement
on 3 July 2020. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

AB at p 450, A17.

Besides this inconsistency, there is also no credible evidence before me to
show that these exhibits formed part of the accused’s “consumption” stash.
With respect to Exhibit D1C, in particular, the accused was unable to remember
why the exhibit was in his possession at all. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 21, lines 17 to 28.

I therefore find that the accused failed to discharge his burden to rebut the
presumption of trafficking vis-à-vis Exhibits D1A1E1, D1A3A and D1C on a
balance of probabilities.

Summary

84 In sum, I find that the accused has proven, on a balance of probabilities,
that Exhibits D1A1L3, D1A1H and D1A1L2A were in his possession for the purpose
of consumption. That being said, the accused failed to establish his
Consumption Defence vis-à-vis Exhibits D1A1E1, D1A3A. D1A1L1A and D1C, which
contain a total of 64.41 grams of methamphetamine. These drugs were thus in
the accused’s possession for the purpose of trafficking.

Issue 3: Whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibits D1A1D, D1A1G, D1A1R, D1B4, D1A2A and D1B2 by way of
the Collector’s Defence

85 The accused submits that the following exhibits were part of his personal
collection of methamphetamine, which were neither for sale nor for his own
consumption:

S/N| Exhibit| Description| Weight (g)| Amount of methamphetamine (g)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | D1A1D 167

##### Foot Note 167

× AB at p 71. | A Ziploc bag with blue stripes containing white crystalline substance| 15.71| 10.47  
2 | D1A1G 168

##### Foot Note 168

× AB at p 74. | A Ziploc bag containing white crystalline substance| 5.19| 3.46  
3 | D1A1R 169

##### Foot Note 169

× AB at p 78. | A Ziploc bag containing white crystalline substance| 9.14| 6.16  
4 | D1B4 170

##### Foot Note 170

× AB at p 63. | A Ziploc bag containing green crystalline substance| 7.72| 5.17  
5 | D1A2A 171

##### Foot Note 171

× AB at p 61. | Two small Ziploc bags containing green crystalline substance | 9.66| 6.44  
6 | D1B2 172

##### Foot Note 172

× AB at p 83.  | A Ziploc bag containing white crystalline substance| 13.73| 9.23  
Total| 61.15| 40.93  
  
86 The accused described himself as a “self-professed connoisseur” who
developed a “passion for collecting methamphetamine”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DCS at para 33.

He would collect larger pieces or crystals of methamphetamine which were
intact and/or unique. Such pieces were rarer than the powdery forms of
methamphetamine and were therefore more valuable. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 53, lines 11 to 15.

The accused stresses that these pieces formed his personal collection and were
never intended for consumption.

87 The Prosecution, on the other hand, argues that this explanation should be
disbelieved. It points out that the accused failed to mention that any of
these exhibits were in his possession for the purpose of collection. Instead,
the accused denied ownership of several packets of methamphetamine listed at
[85] above. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

AB at pp 365-366.

Even when he finally admitted to owning these packets in 2021, he omitted to
make a distinction between his “collection” stash of methamphetamine and his
“consumption” stash. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PCS at paras 26-27.

Specifically, the accused said that “the other ‘ice’ in [his] bag [were] his
collection” and that this “collection of ‘ice’ [was] all for [his] own
consumption”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

AB at p 466, para 3.

It was only at trial that the accused mentioned that he kept his stash of
methamphetamine intended for collection separate from his “consumption” stash,
and that he did not consume any of the methamphetamine meant for his
collection. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 22, lines 8 to 16.

The Prosecution submits that these inconsistencies are fatal to the
Collector’s Defence. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PCS at paras 54-55.

88 On the evidence before me, I find that the accused has failed to rebut the
presumption of trafficking by way of the Collector’s Defence.

89 First, for a “self-professed connoisseur” of methamphetamine, the accused
provides scant details with regard to his collection. One would expect an avid
collector to not only offer the context in which each item in his or her
collection was acquired, but also to elaborate on the various points which
make each item unique. Yet, the accused does not provide any specific
information on each packet of methamphetamine which allegedly form part of his
collection. He does not even indicate when he started collecting
methamphetamine crystals or how he came into the habit of collecting such
crystals. In my view, the accused’s taciturnity on these points is
inconsistent with his professed “passion for collecting methamphetamine” and
calls into question the plausibility of the Collector’s Defence.

90 Second, I agree with the Prosecution that there was no good reason for the
accused to have only brought up the Collector’s Defence in his statement
recorded on 9 June 2021. In fact, the accused did not allude to the
Collector’s Defence at all in his statements taken on 15, 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

AB at pp 289-291.

16, 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

AB at pp 446-448.

21, 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

AB at pp 356-361.

22 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

AB at pp 364-367.

and 23 October 2019. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

AB at pp 397-404.

Even in his statement recorded on 3 July 2020, more than half a year after his
arrest in October 2019, the accused maintained that all the methamphetamine
which belonged to him had been for his consumption. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

AB at p 452, A29.

Also, no mention of the Collector’s Defence was made in the accused’s
statement on 18 December 2020. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

AB at pp 460-462.

In addition, even when the accused mentioned the Collector’s Defence on 9 June
2021 for the first time, he expressly stated that the entirety of his
methamphetamine collection was for his own consumption. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

AB at p 466, para 3.

It was only at trial that the accused alleged that some of the packets of
methamphetamine in his possession were only for collection and not for
consumption. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 22, lines 24 to 32.

91 In my view, the fact that the Collector’s Defence was only raised belatedly
by the accused more than one and a half years after his arrest indicates that
this account was simply an afterthought. This is also evident from the fact
that the accused had multiple opportunities to mention the Collector’s
Defence, or at least allude to it, in his contemporaneous statements as well
as his statements taken in July and December 2020 but had nonetheless failed
to do so at each juncture.

92 Third, the accused’s evidence is that most drug addicts prefer to purchase
packets of methamphetamine containing larger-sized crystals. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 52, lines 25 to 28.

In fact, this was, according to the accused, one of the reasons provided by
Tenzin for rejecting the batch of methamphetamine on 14 October 2019. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

AB at p 467; NE (7 March 2023) at p 52, lines 7 to 28.

Therefore, there were clearly potential purchasers for these larger-sized
crystals. This bolsters the Prosecution’s position that the methamphetamine
that allegedly formed part of the accused’s “collection” stash was in fact
intended for sale.

93 Fourth, the accused was unable to pinpoint the exact types of
methamphetamine crystals which would warrant collection. The accused’s initial
account was that he had collected “big crystal[s]”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

AB at p 466; NE (7 March 2023) at p 14, lines 1 to 3.

However, when questioned on whether the crystals in Exhibit D1A1D (which
allegedly formed part of his “collection” stash) and Exhibit D1A1E1 (which did
not) differed greatly in size, the accused only stated that the crystals in
Exhibit D1A1D were “in a better size”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 71, line 16.

He could not provide a conclusive answer as to whether this simply meant that
the crystals in Exhibit D1A1D were larger:

Q But looking at the---what’s in D1A1D on P74 as well as the rocks in D1A1E1
on page 75, it appears that they are similar size. Would you agree?

A No, I disagree.

Q You disagree. Are they very different in size?

A Those inside, those I took out in D1A1D will be in better---better form, I
mean, in a better size. Maybe not as big as D1A1G, but it will be in a better
size.

Q Sorry, I’m trying to understand what “better size” means. Is it bigger?

A Maybe looks like---a bit like, page 79, D1B2.

Q D1B2 on page 79?

A Yes.

94 Even if, contrary to the Prosecution’s contentions, the crystals in Exhibit
D1A1D were in fact larger than those in Exhibit D1A1E1, the accused was unable
to (a) show why such a size difference was significant enough to justify
collection and/or (b) point to additional features of the crystals in Exhibit
D1A1D which rendered them in “better form”. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 71, line 15.

The accused’s inability to clearly articulate the difference(s) between the
crystals in Exhibits D1A1D and D1A1E1, which caused only the former to be
included in his “collection” stash, indicates that the accused did not possess
a “collection” stash at all. Otherwise, the accused would have been clear on
the criteria used to assess the methamphetamine crystals for entry into his
“collection” stash.

95 Based on the four reasons above, I am satisfied that the accused did not
possess Exhibits D1A1D, D1A1G, D1A1R, D1B4, D1A2A and D1B2 as part of his
personal collection. He therefore failed to rebut the presumption of
trafficking vis-à-vis these exhibits on a balance of probabilities.

Further contentions raised by the accused

96 I now deal with two contentions raised by the accused in support of the
Consumption Defence and the Collector’s Defence, namely, that the 18 packets
of drugs could not have been for sale as (a) they were not offered to Tenzin
in replacement of Exhibits D1A1F1 and D1B1 and (b) they were not of a standard
weight in factors of 250 grams.

97 First, the accused argues that the remaining 18 packets of methamphetamine
were clearly not for sale because the accused would have otherwise offered
them to Tenzin in substitution of the 250 grams of methamphetamine which
Tenzin rejected. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DRS at paras 6-8.

I do not accept this argument. For one, this contention was only raised by the
accused in his reply submissions on 3 July 2023. It was not canvassed in the
course of his evidence-in-chief or in his closing submissions. The fact that
this “powerful and contemporaneous corroboration” of the accused’s arguments
was only advanced at the eleventh-hour points to it being an afterthought. I
am particularly mindful that the raising of this argument at such a late stage
of the proceedings denies the Prosecution the opportunity to cross-examine the
accused as well as to question Tenzin on this point.

98 In addition, the remaining 18 packets of methamphetamine only had a total
gross weight of 245.36 grams and were therefore insufficient to fulfil
Tenzin’s order for 250 grams. This shortfall is particularly pronounced in the
light of my finding that, of the 18 packets, Exhibits D1A1L3, D1A1H and
D1A1L2A, which possessed a gross weight of 87.19 grams, were in the accused’s
possession for the purpose of his own consumption. More importantly, given
that Tenzin (and Bob Smiley) wanted to sample the drugs in Exhibits D1A1F1 and
D1B1 before accepting them, it is unlikely that they would have accepted any
drugs in replacement of those packets without sampling them too. As such,
offering Tenzin the drugs from the remaining 18 packets might not have been
practical as Tenzin would have required time to sample the methamphetamine
originating from so many different batches of drugs. I am also cognisant of
the fact that two of the 18 packets, Exhibits D1B4 and D1A2A, comprised green
crystalline substance containing methamphetamine. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 18, lines 27 to 30; p 21, lines 2 to 8.

Given that the initial packets of crystalline substance intended for sale to
Tenzin comprised white crystalline substance, it is unclear, on the evidence
before me, whether Exhibits D1B4 and D1A2A would have been readily accepted as
an adequate substitution for Tenzin’s original order.

99 Second, the accused submits that the fact that the gross quantities of the
remaining 18 packets were “irregular, random, and [did] not appear to conform
to a factorial pattern based on 250 grams” meant that these packets could not
have been intended for sale. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

DRS at para 9.

In his evidence-in-chief, the accused asserted that he had only sold
crystalline substance containing methamphetamine in denominations of 125 grams
or 250 grams. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 28, lines 6 to 8.

However, the accused later conceded in the course of cross-examination that he
had also dealt in quantities of 125 grams, 62.5 grams and 25 grams. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 94, lines 11 to 26.

In his reply submissions, the accused attempted to justify these differing
accounts by stating that he sold drugs in “regular, commonsensical factors of
250 grams”, which include quantities of 25 grams, 62.5 grams, 125 grams and
250 grams, as these may be expressed as fractions of 250 grams. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

DRS at para 9.

He argues that this is consistent with Tenzin’s testimony that the accused was
“not the kind of dealer who [sold] 2 grams, 3 grams”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 14, lines 28 to 29; DRS at para 10.

100 I do not find this argument believable. Following my analysis regarding
Exhibit D1A1L1A at [82] above, I am satisfied that the accused was no stranger
to dealing in irregular quantities of methamphetamine. I therefore do not
place any weight on the fact that the quantities in the remaining 18 packets
of methamphetamine in the accused’s possession were “random” or “irregular”.

101 These contentions therefore do not assist the accused in rebutting the
presumption concerning trafficking by way of the Consumption Defence or the
Collector’s Defence.

The accused’s lies regarding his ownership of the drugs

102 I also find that the accused’s lies in relation to his ownership of the
exhibits damage his creditworthiness and the reliability of his evidence
pertaining to the Consumption Defence and the Collector’s Defence.

103 In his statement on 15 October 2019, the accused denied ownership of
several packets of methamphetamine which had been found in Room 701. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

AB at pp 289-292 (A6, A8, A10 and A16).

On 21 October 2019, the accused claimed ownership of four packets of
methamphetamine but stated that he did not know who the remaining packets of
methamphetamine had belonged to. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

AB at p 360, para 9.

On 22 October 2019, the accused repeated his claim that he had owned four
packets of methamphetamine as well as another blue-striped Ziploc bag
containing methamphetamine. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

AB at p 365, para 20.

On 23 October 2019, the accused identified other packets of methamphetamine as
drugs which he had purchased from his suppliers. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

AB at p 401.

It was only on 9 June 2021 that the accused admitted that all 20 packets of
methamphetamine had belonged to him. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

AB at pp 465-467 (paras 3 and 6).

104 The accused contends that he initially denied ownership of the drugs
because Tenzin had instructed him to push the blame to Bob Smiley. These
instructions were apparently conveyed at various points after their arrest,
including when the Car was being searched by the CNB officers, 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NE (21 February 2023) at p 35, lines 23 to 25.

when they were observing the exhibits being photographed in the Exhibit
Management Room, 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 32, line 31 to p 33, line 7.

when Tenzin and the accused were being transported to the State Courts in the
same police car, 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

AB at p 465.

and when they were in lockup. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 98, lines 22 to 25; p 99, lines 7 to 25.

The accused also testified that when he and Tenzin were brought to Room 701 by
the CNB officers, he overheard Tenzin telling the officers that the drugs
belonged to “a Malay person called ‘Bob Smiley’”. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 29, lines 3 to 12.

Therefore, upon learning that Tenzin had subsequently stated that the accused
had sold 250 grams of methamphetamine to Bob Smiley, the accused felt
betrayed. This compelled the accused to tell the truth regarding the ownership
of the drugs on 9 June 2021 during a visit by an investigating officer to the
prison to serve additional charges on the accused. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

AB at p 466, para 5; PCS at para 27(a).

105 I do not find this explanation to be credible. I accept that Tenzin and
the accused had communicated at certain points in time after they were
arrested. Tenzin’s testimony confirms that the two men exchanged whispers when
they first entered the room adjacent to the Exhibit Management Room. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 29, line 26 to p 30, line 13.

Tenzin also did not dispute the possibility that the two men had engaged in
conversation when they had been transported to the State Courts. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 31, lines 5 to 11.

Nonetheless, I am not satisfied that the two men had agreed, in the course of
these conversations, to push the blame to Bob Smiley. In the accused’s
statement recorded on 21 October 2019, he stated: 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

AB at p 360, para 9.

Before I went to the toilet, I remember I only had one packet containing four
packets of ‘meth’ on the table. I cannot exactly remember the exact amount but
I know there were only ‘meth’ on the table and it belongs to me. But when I
came out from the toilet, I realized there were more ‘meth’ and some erimin. I
do not know who it belongs to but I did not asked [Tenzin] about it.

[emphasis in bold]

The accused submits that it was clear that he was pushing the blame to Bob
Smiley, even though he did not point him out by name. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

DRS at para 15.

However, in the extract above, it would have been equally plausible for the
drugs to have belonged to Tenzin, instead of Bob Smiley. I therefore do not
see how the extract in the accused’s statement above supports his account that
he was following Tenzin’s instructions to push all blame to Bob Smiley. On the
contrary, this directly contradicts the accused’s account that Tenzin had
specifically instructed him in the lockup to “[j]ust say the thing [belongs]
to the Malay”. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 99, line 10.

I also note that Tenzin disputed the accused’s account that he had told the
accused on multiple occasions to push the blame to Bob Smiley. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 30, line 19 to p 31, line 15.

Instead, Tenzin testified that he told the accused to bear the liability for
the drugs which belonged to him. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE (1 March 2023) at p 29, lines 9 to 14.

I therefore reject the accused’s explanation as to why he initially denied
ownership of the drugs.

106 Despite this finding, I do not go so far as to agree with the Prosecution
that the accused’s differing accounts of his ownership of the drugs amount to
Lucas lies. A Lucas lie is a lie which satisfies four conditions (Kamrul at
[18], citing Regina v Lucas (Ruth) [1981] QB 720):

(a) the lie is deliberate;

(b) the lie relates to a material issue;

(c) the motive for the lie is a realisation of guilt and a fear of the truth;
and

(d) the statement is clearly shown to be a lie by evidence other than that of
an accomplice who is to be corroborated, such as an admission or by evidence
from an independent witness.

Such lies may serve to corroborate evidence of the accused’s guilt: Public
Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 (“Ilechukwu”) at
[60].

107 Here, the accused admits to deliberately lying about his ownership of the
drugs. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE (7 March 2023) at p 102, lines 12 to 21.

The ownership of the drugs is a material issue in the present case. His
earlier statements, which assert that the accused did not own all 20 packets
of methamphetamine, are also proven false by admission. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

See AB at p 360, para 9; p 364, para 15; p 397, para 36.

However, it is unclear whether the motive for the accused’s lies was a
realisation of guilt.

108 The accused submits that his lies do not amount to Lucas lies as there
existed a reasonable explanation for these lies, which was the accused’s
desire to distance himself from the drugs altogether. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

DRS at para 12.

In doing so, the accused hoped that he would “not be charged with anything,
not even possession”. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE (11 July 2023) at p 9, lines 17 to 19.

The accused then proceeds to argue that his lies were motivated by “two shades
of guilt”: 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE (11 July 2023) at p 9, lines 25 to 28.

one relating to drug possession simpliciter and the other for drug possession
for the purposes of trafficking.

109 I accept that there was a reasonable possibility that the accused was
motivated to lie about his ownership of the drugs so as to distance himself
from the drugs altogether. If so, these lies would shed no light on the intent
with which possession was held. Logically, lies disassociating the accused
from the possession of the drugs cannot assist by themselves on the question
whether, if he was in possession, he had an intention to consume them himself,
save them for his own collection or supply them to others: see R v Stanislas
[2004] EWCA Crim 2266 at [10]–[11]. These lies therefore cannot constitute
Lucas lies for the purpose of corroborating the evidence disproving the
Consumption Defence or the Collector’s Defence.

110 On this basis, I see no need to consider whether a “dual-purpose lie”
motivated by an accused’s guilt for two separate offences may constitute a
Lucas lie for the purpose of corroborating evidence establishing criminal
liability for only one of these offences. As this point was not fully argued
before me, I leave it open for determination in a future case where the court
will have the benefit of thorough submissions on this issue.

111 Although the accused’s lies in this case may not amount to Lucas lies,
they may still be relied upon by the court to make a finding that the accused
is not creditworthy. The court may make such a finding even if the accused has
a valid reason for lying: Ilechukwu at [62]. Given my rejection of the
accused’s explanation for his lies at [105] above and the fact that the
accused had maintained these lies for a significant period of time following
his arrest (see [103]), I am satisfied that these lies serve to erode the
accused’s credibility and diminish the probative value of his testimony.

Issue 4: Whether the accused succeeds in rebutting the presumption concerning
trafficking for Exhibit D1B3

112 Exhibit D1B3 is a small Ziploc bag containing 0.66 gram of
methamphetamine. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

AB at p 62.

The accused states that this exhibit represents the remainder of the
methamphetamine which Tenzin removed from Exhibit D1B1 for Bob Smiley to
sample. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

DCS at para 36.

He submits that D1B3 was not in his possession for the purpose of trafficking
because he did not sell such small quantities of methamphetamine. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

DCS at para 36.

113 I find the accused’s argument pertaining to Exhibit D1B3 insufficient in
rebutting the presumption concerning trafficking. The accused admits that the
methamphetamine in Exhibit D1B3 had been taken from Exhibit D1B1 and provided
to Bob Smiley as a sample. In my view, this demonstrates that the accused
delivered Exhibit D1B3 to Bob Smiley. Pursuant to s 2 of the MDA, his
possession of Exhibit D1B3 would therefore have clearly been for the purpose
of trafficking. The fact that Bob Smiley did not consume all the
methamphetamine in Exhibit D1B3 does not change the fact that this exhibit was
in the accused’s possession for trafficking. Indeed, to conclude that Exhibit
D1B3 was in the accused’s possession for any other reason would be to ignore
the wider context in which the exhibit was passed between the accused and Bob
Smiley to facilitate the sale of drugs.

Conclusion

114 Save for Exhibits D1A1L3, D1A1H and D1A1L2A, I find that the accused
failed to rebut the presumption of trafficking for the remaining
methamphetamine in his possession by way of the Bailment Defence, the
Consumption Defence, the Collector’s Defence and the accused’s argument
pertaining to Exhibit D1B3. As such, I find that 269.1 grams of
methamphetamine were in the accused’s possession for the purpose of
trafficking pursuant to the presumption in s 17(h) of the MDA. The Purpose
Element with respect to these 269.1 grams of methamphetamine is therefore
proved beyond a reasonable doubt.

115 Accordingly, I exercise my power under s 128 of the Criminal Procedure
Code to alter the Charge as follows (the “Altered Charge”):

YOU ARE CHARGED and the charge against you is:

That you, LIANG SHOON YEE,

on 15 October 2019, at about 10.10 pm, in room 701 of Equarius Hotel located
at Resorts World Sentosa, Singapore, did traffic in a Class A controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking
fifteen packets containing not less than 401.37 grams of crystalline
substance, which were analysed and found to contain not less than 269.1 grams
of methamphetamine, without any authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section
5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) and punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA,
and further upon your conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be
punished under section 33B of the MDA.

116 For completeness, I also frame the further charge of drug possession under
s 8(a) of the MDA with respect to the 58.64 grams of methamphetamine contained
in Exhibits D1A1L3, D1A1H and D1A1L2A which I found were in the accused’s
possession for his own consumption (the “New Charge”):

YOU ARE CHARGED and the charge against you is:

That you, LIANG SHOON YEE,

on 15 October 2019, at about 10.10pm, in room 701 of Equarius Hotel located at
Resorts World Sentosa, Singapore, did have in your possession a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the MDA, to wit, five packets
containing not less than 87.19 grams of crystalline substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 58.64 grams of methamphetamine,
without any authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations made thereunder,
and you have thereby committed an offence under section 8(a) under the MDA,
and further, that you, before the commission of the said offence, were on 26
August 2013, in the then Subordinate Court No. 18, vide DAC 15899/2013,
convicted of an offence of possession of a controlled drug, to wit,
methamphetamine, under section 8(a) of the MDA and sentenced to 6 months’
imprisonment, which conviction has not been set aside to date, and you shall
now be punished under section 33(1) of the MDA.

117 In the light of my conclusions above, I will hear the Prosecution and the
accused on their positions pertaining to the Altered Charge, the New Charge,
as well as the other charges which were initially brought against the accused.
227

##### Foot Note 227

×

See Arraigned Charges.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Yang Ziliang and Phoebe Tan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Eugene Thuraisingam, Johannes Hadi and Hilary Low (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the accused.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Sep 2023 (16:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

