Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 189

Originating Application No 607 of 2023

Between

| Foo Kok Boon  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Ngow Kheong Shen  
---|---  
(2)| Freddy Gomez s/o V Gomez  
(3)| Leyau Yew Teck  
  
… Respondents

Suit No 834 of 2021 (Summons No 1288 of 2023)

Between

| Ngow Kheong Shen  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Freddy Gomez s/o V Gomez  
---|---  
(2)| Leyau Yew Teck  
(3)| Foo Kok Boon  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Whether doctrine of prospective
overruling applied]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Foo Kok Boon

  

v

  

Ngow Kheong Shen and others

  
and another matter

[2023] SGHC 189

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 607 of 2023
and Suit No 834 of 2021 (Summons No 1288 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan JC  
28 June 2023

12 July 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is Mr Foo Kok Boon’s application in HC/OA 607/2023 (“OA 607”) to set
aside the consent interlocutory judgment entered against him on 2 May 2019
(“the CIJ”). He is the third defendant in HC/S 834/2021 (“the Suit”). For ease
of explication, I will refer to him as the “applicant” in this judgment.

2 The present application has arisen because of my decision in Salmizan bin
Abdullah v Crapper, Ian Anthony [2023] SGHC 75 (“Salmizan”). In Salmizan, I
decided, among others, that a defendant, who has entered into a interlocutory
judgment in respect of liability, whether by consent or not, cannot challenge
causation at the assessment of damages stage (“AD stage”) in a personal injury
arising out of motor vehicle accidents (“PIMA”) claim (see Salmizan at
[146(d)]). It follows that for a plaintiff to make out his cause of action in
respect of every head of damage he is claiming for, he needs to establish
causation for every head of damage before an interlocutory judgment on
liability can be entered in respect of his entire claim (see Salmizan at [119]
and [146(c)]). However, before Salmizan, an interlocutory judgment on
liability may be granted in respect of the plaintiff’s entire claim even if
the plaintiff was not able to establish causation for every head of damage at
that stage of the proceedings. This was certainly the case at the time that
the applicant entered the CIJ.

3 Relying on the principles in Salmizan, the applicant ostensibly applies to
set aside the CIJ. The application is made on the ground that Mr Ngow Kheong
Shen, who is the plaintiff in the Suit and the first respondent in the present
application, did not establish causation for every head of damage when the CIJ
was entered, and therefore had no basis to enter into the CIJ. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s written submissions in HC/OA 607/2023 dated 23 June 2023 at paras
46–57.

However, at the hearing before me, Mr Anthony Wee (“Mr Wee”), who appeared for
the applicant, explained that the real purpose of the present application is
to seek a ruling that Salmizan should only apply prospectively. Mr Wee
explained that he had to do this by applying for the CIJ to be set aside
because he did not think the applicant has standing to challenge the effect of
Salmizan directly. By asking the court to rule that Salmizan should only apply
prospectively, the applicant is in effect taking the position that the CIJ
should not be set aside. Therefore, while there is a seeming inconsistency
between the applicant arguing for the CIJ to be set aside and for Salmizan to
apply only prospectively, Mr Wee’s explanation resolves this issue.

4 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I dismiss the applicant’s
application to set aside the CIJ. I also hold unequivocally that the doctrine
of prospective overruling should apply in relation to Salmizan. The precise
effect of this decision would be that a defendant who entered into an
interlocutory judgment, whether by consent or not, prior to the date of the
decision in Salmizan (ie, 30 March 2023) is entitled to raise issues of
causation at the AD stage, even in respect of all the damage that the claimant
claims to have suffered.

5 I now set out the reasons for my decision.

The correct procedure to set aside the Consent Interlocutory Judgment

6 Before I turn to the applicant’s application properly, I first deal with the
correct procedure to set aside the CIJ. Prior to making the present
application in OA 607, the applicant had proceeded by way of HC/SUM 1288/2023
(“SUM 1288”), as a summons within the Suit. However, the applicant decided to
take out the present originating application instead after the decision of the
learned Deputy Registrar Samuel Wee (“DR Wee”) in Muhammad Tirmidzi Bin
Misnawi v Agnes Chai Yui Yun [2023] SGDC 100 (“Muhammad Tirmidzi”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/OA 607/2023 dated 14 June 2023 at
paras 6–9.

7 In my view, the applicant is correct in taking out a fresh application to
set aside the CIJ. I gratefully adopt DR Wee’s clear and careful analysis in
Muhammad Tirmidzi, which led him to conclude that a party seeking to set aside
a consent interlocutory judgment ought to begin fresh proceedings to do so
instead of trying to do that by way of a summons in the prior case (see
Muhammad Tirmidzi at [40]). It is not necessary to repeat DR Wee’s analysis,
save to say that: (a) the legal authorities, such as the Court of Appeal
decision of Siva Kumar s/o Avadiar v Quek Leng Chuang and others [2021] 1 SLR
451 at [34], are clear that an application to set aside a consent judgment or
order must be commenced as fresh proceedings; (b) the Rules of Court (2014 Rev
Ed) (“ROC 2014”) do not provide the court with a residual discretion to set
aside contractual consent orders; and (c) parties cannot by consent confer on
the court a jurisdiction which the court otherwise lacks (see Muhammad
Tirmidzi at [17]).

8 With this preliminary point in mind, I turn to examine the applicant’s
position in the present application to set aside the CIJ.

Background and the parties’ positions

9 By way of background, the Suit arose out of a chain collision on 6 July
2015, which involved seven cars near the Moulmein Exit of the Central
Expressway (“the Accident”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/SUM 1288/2023 dated 2 May 2023 at
para 5.

At the time the CIJ was entered on 2 May 2019, the plaintiff’s pleaded claim
was for, among others, general damages for the following physical injuries:
(a) whiplash; (b) shoulder injuries; (c) increased risk of developing
osteoarthritis; (d) persistent depressive disorder (dysthymia); and (e) heart
attack. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/SUM 1288/2023 dated 2 May 2023 at
paras 4 and 6(a).

10 Subsequent to the CIJ being entered, the applicant’s insurers appointed
three doctors to examine the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/SUM 1288/2023 dated 2 May 2023 at
para 9.

In their respective reports, the doctors concluded, among others, that: (a)
the Accident did not cause the plaintiff’s heart attack; (b) the plaintiff’s
alleged shoulder injuries were chronic, and it was difficult to ascertain if
the tears were due to degeneration or trauma; and (c) although the plaintiff
suffered from dysthymia after the Accident, the symptoms of such were
perpetuated by a back-to-back bereavement as well as work stress. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/SUM 1288/2023 dated 2 May 2023 at
paras 10–12.

11 As such, the applicant broadly contends that he is not liable to compensate
the plaintiff for all pre-existing injuries or any other alleged damage which
was not caused by the applicant’s breach of duty. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/SUM 1288/2023 dated 2 May 2023 at
para 13.

Further, the applicant argues that the existing trial dates in October 2023
can remain as the issues in dispute remain the same. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Foo Kok Boon’s Affidavit in Support in HC/SUM 1288/2023 dated 2 May 2023 at
para 17.

At the hearing before me, Mr Wee argued that Salmizan should only apply
prospectively as the decision has created practical difficulties in cases
where the interlocutory judgment was entered into before Salmizan was decided.

12 As against all these points raised by the applicant, Mr John Vincent (“Mr
Vincent”), who appeared for the plaintiff, objected to the CIJ being set aside
on the basis that the law was different at the time the CIJ was entered into.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

First Respondent’s written submissions in HC/OA 607/2023 dated 27 June 2023 at
paras 3–13.

However, Mr Vincent also aligned himself with Mr Wee’s argument that Salmizan
should only apply prospectively.

The applicable law

13 As I have already alluded to, the main issue raised in the present
application is whether Salmizan should apply only prospectively, that is, from
the date of its decision, and not retroactively, that is, before the date of
the decision as well.

14 The applicable law in this regard has been settled by the Court of Appeal
decision of Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 557 (“Adri”),
which I am bound by (see also the insightful article by Gary K Y Chan,
“Prospective Overruling in Singapore: A Judicial Framework for the Future?” in
Comparing the Prospective Effect of Judicial Rulings Across the Jurisdictions
(Eva Steiner, ed) (Springer Verlag, 2015) ch 16). As Sundaresh Menon CJ held
for a unanimous court in Adri at [27], a judgment pronouncing on a legal issue
is traditionally taken to be unbounded by time. Such a judgment would
therefore have both retroactive and prospective effect. The practical effect
of the retroactive effect of judgments is that a judgment would attach new
consequences to events that occurred prior to the pronouncement of the new
law. Applied in the present case, if Salmizan is to have retroactive effect,
then the CIJ ought to be set aside even if the law was different at the time
it was entered into. However, it is possible for a court to restrict the
retroactive application of its judgment. This is known as the doctrine of
prospective overruling, which was the subject of extensive analysis in Adri.

15 It is not necessary for me to revisit the applicable principles in relation
to the doctrine of prospective overruling, as I respectfully agree with (and,
in any event, am bound by) the analysis of the doctrine in Adri. It suffices
for me to summarise the applicable law along the four principles laid down by
Menon CJ in Adri at [39]–[44]:

(a) First, it is only in an exceptional case that a court may exercise its
discretion to invoke the doctrine of prospective overruling. Indeed, such
exceptionality is likely to be even more prominent in the context of civil
cases, for which the Court of Appeal has observed that “in contrast to
criminal cases, civil cases presenting exceptional circumstances that justify
invoking the doctrine of prospective overruling are likely to be few and far
between” (see L Capital Jones Ltd and another v Maniach Pte Ltd [2017] 1 SLR
312 (“L Capital”) at [71]).

(b) Second, it follows from the exceptionality of the doctrine of prospective
overruling that it should only be invoked in circumstances where a departure
from the ordinary retroactivity of a judgment is necessary to avoid serious
and demonstrable injustice to the parties or to the administration of justice.
Indeed, Menon CJ observed in Adri (at [40]) that such a high threshold of
“necessity”, as well as the need for serious and demonstrable injustice, are
consistent requirements across much of the case law in the Commonwealth. In
this regard, the four factors identified in the High Court decision of Public
Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661 (“Hue An Li”) at [124] are relevant,
viz, (i) the extent to which the pre-existing legal principle or position was
entrenched; (ii) the extent of the change to the legal principle or position;
(iii) the extent to which the change in the legal principle or position was
foreseeable; and (iv) the extent of reliance on the legal principle or
position.

(c) Third, as the Court of Appeal alluded to in Hue An Li at [124], judicial
pronouncements are by default retroactive. Therefore, until and unless the
appropriate appellate court explicitly states that a judicial pronouncement is
to take effect only prospectively, that pronouncement should presumptively be
taken to be unbounded by time. This third principle raises a separate point
that only the “appropriate appellate court” can pronounce on the prospective
effect of its judgment. I will return to this point later (see below at
[18]–[25]).

(d) Fourth, the onus of establishing that there are grounds to limit the
retroactive effect of a decision should ordinarily be on whoever seeks to do
so (see the New Zealand Supreme Court decision of Lai v Chamberlains [2007] 2
NZLR 7 at [154]).

16 With the applicable law in mind, I turn now to the present application.

My decision: the application is dismissed

17 Applying the principles laid down in Adri, I conclude that this is an
exceptional case for the doctrine of prospective overruling to apply to a
civil case.

This court has the jurisdiction to pronounce on the prospective application of
Salmizan

18 As a preliminary point, I deal with the requirement Menon CJ laid down in
Adri (at [43] and more explicitly at [70(a)]) that only the “appellate
courts”, which he defined as “the Court of Appeal and the High Court sitting
in an appellate capacity”, have the discretion to invoke the doctrine of
prospective overruling in exceptional cases.

19 The problem in the present application is that I am no longer sitting in
any judicial capacity in relation to Salmizan. Moreover, even within the
context of my deciding of Salmizan, I was not sitting in an appellate
capacity. This is because Salmizan was an uncontested application pursuant to
O 33 r 2 of the ROC 2014 for the General Division of the High Court (“the High
Court”) to determine three preliminary questions of law. As such, the issue of
prospective overruling was never argued. It was in that context that I
expressly reserved the question of whether Salmizan should only apply
prospectively in the following manner (see Salmizan at [143]):

… in so far as cases have already commenced before this judgment and conducted
in a manner inconsistent with the conclusions within, I would reserve the
question of whether the conclusions should only apply prospectively to when
the occasion arises specifically.

[emphasis added]

20 In my view, notwithstanding that this court is not presently sitting as an
appellate court in relation to Salmizan or the underlying case therein, this
court possesses the jurisdiction to pronounce on the prospective application
of Salmizan. I say this for the following reasons.

21 First, in Salmizan itself, I had expressly reserved the question of whether
the conclusions reached in Salmizan should apply prospectively. In so far as
it is necessary to decide this point, I hold that the effect of my reservation
in Salmizan is to preserve the court’s jurisdiction to decide the point at a
more appropriate time, that is, when full arguments are made on it.

22 Second, while I was not formally sitting in an appellate capacity in
Salmizan, the nature of the application made this substantively the case. This
is because Salmizan (by which I refer to the specific application under O 33 r
2 of the ROC 2014) had originated from MC/MC 8815/2020 (“MC 8815”), which
remained live when Salmizan was decided. Indeed, MC 8815 was transferred from
the State Courts to the High Court for the determination of the preliminary
questions of law before (so the defendant in MC 8815 represented) MC 8815
would be transferred back to the State Courts for the assessment of damages to
continue. As such, the legal principles articulated in Salmizan would be
binding on the proceedings of MC 8815 below. To that extent, and for the
purposes of exercising the jurisdiction to pronounce on the prospective effect
of Salmizan, I hold that I was sitting in a capacity akin to an appellate
capacity in Salmizan.

23 Third, and in any event, the High Court in Hue An Li did say that the
doctrine of prospective overruling can also apply to a “first-time judicial
pronouncement” (at [125]). This would include situations where the court
making the pronouncement is not sitting in an appellate capacity. As such, the
requirement that only an appellate court can invoke the doctrine of
prospective overruling is not cast in stone. It can be departed from in
appropriate cases, and I find that this is an appropriate case to do so.

24 Finally, leaving aside the legal analysis (which remain undoubtedly of
first importance), this appears to be the most practical outcome. If I were to
hold that I have no jurisdiction to decide on the prospective effect of
Salmizan, then, given the manner in which Salmizan had come to the High Court
in the first place, there would be no other court to pronounce on this issue.
In this regard, I understand that the defendant in Salmizan has applied for
permission to appeal the matter to the Appellate Division of the High Court
(“Appellate Division”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AD/OA 34/2023 dated 30 May 2023.

It may well be that the Appellate Division will sit formally as an appellate
court if it gives permission for the appeal to proceed. However, as of now, it
is not known if the Appellate Division will do so. And even if it does so, it
may be some time before it renders a substantive decision. It would not be
practical to hold parties, such as those in the present case, in abeyance in
the meantime.

25 For all these reasons, I decide that this court possesses the jurisdiction
to pronounce on the prospective application of Salmizan.

The doctrine of prospective overruling should apply in relation to Salmizan

26 Moving on, I decide that the doctrine of prospective overruling should
apply in relation to Salmizan. In coming to this decision, I am conscious that
the Court of Appeal had stated in L Capital at [71] that the civil cases which
would attract the application of prospective overruling are “likely to be few
and far between”. However, “few and far between” does not mean never, and in
an exceptionally appropriate case, a court should call out those “few and far
between” cases. This is one such case for the following reasons.

27 First, it is clear that the previous approach, where parties could reserve
all issues of causation to the AD stage, was well-entrenched. Indeed, that
this was the case can be seen from Form 9I of the State Courts Practice
Directions 2014, which had, prior to 1 March 2021, permitted parties to leave
“the issues of damages and causation to be assessed and costs reserved to the
Registrar assessing the damages” [emphasis added]. This was why the learned
Deputy Registrar Vince Gui (“DR Gui”) explained in the Magistrate’s Court
decision of Kek Lai Quan (Guo Laiquan) v Lim Junyou [2022] SGMC 7 at [8] that,
prior to Tan Woo Thian, “it was common practice for parties to motor accident
claims to enter interlocutory judgment by consent on the understanding that
the defendant would be allowed to challenge the causation of injuries in toto
at the assessment of damages”. In practice, DR Gui said that this arrangement
was often reflected by an express reservation in the terms of the
interlocutory judgment.

28 To similar effect are the statements of the learned Deputy Registrar Kevin
Kwek in the Magistrate’s Court decision of Eliora Yow (an infant suing by her
father and litigation representative, Yow Tuck Meng Jerry) v Kwa Kian Peng
[2020] SGMC 44 at [10], and those of the learned Deputy Registrar Lewis Tan in
the District Court decision of Gannison s/o Varimuthu v Choa Beng Teck [2023]
SGDC 92 (“Gannison”) at [15]. Moreover, as the applicant submitted in his
application, the Ministry of Law’s website had published the “Legal Aid
Bureau’s Practitioner’s Guide to Accident & Personal Injury Claims” in October
2021, in which it was stated, in the section on “determining quantum”
[emphasis added], that the injuries claimed for needs to be “clearly caused by
the accident”. This suggests that under the previous approach, issues of
causation were regarded as going towards quantum, and not liability, and could
therefore be reserved to the AD stage. Having regard to all these statements,
it is safe to conclude that the previous approach was well entrenched.

29 Second, it is clear that the departure from the previous approach has been
extensive. This shift began with the Court of Appeal decision in Tan Woo Thian
v PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 1166 (“Tan Woo
Thian”). In that case, Menon CJ held ex tempore at [8] that in a bifurcated
trial, the plaintiff at the liability stage would need “to show that he did,
in fact, suffer one or more types of loss that was causally connected to the
alleged breach” [emphasis in original]. This “made it impossible to challenge
causation in toto at the AD Stage” (see Salmizan at [70]). Thereafter, several
State Courts decisions that were decided after Tan Woo Thian (but before
Salmizan) interpreted Tan Woo Thian to mean that “causation can reasonably be
disputed at the assessment of damages phase as long as at least some damage or
loss was caused by the defendant’s negligence” [emphasis in original] (see the
Magistrate’s Court decision of Lim Mei Choo (Lin Meizhu) v Muhammad Azham bin
Razak (Direct Asia Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd, intervener) [2021] SGMC 74
at [21]). When the issue arose before me in Salmizan, I clarified that it was
not possible to dispute causation to any extent at all at the AD stage (see
Salmizan at [82] and [116]). This short summary shows that the departure from
the previous approach, where parties could reserve all issues of causation to
the AD stage, has been extensive.

30 Third, it is clear that the departure from the previous approach was not
foreseeable. This is principally because even the relevant court form prior to
1 March 2021 provided that parties could reserve all issues of causation to
the AD stage. Also, secondarily, before Tan Woo Thian was decided, there was
simply no reason for anyone to doubt the incorrectness of the previous
approach.

31 Fourth, there would have been much reliance on the previous approach. This
is because, in the context of PIMA cases, claimants would have to comply with
the “Pre-Action Protocol for Personal Injury Claims and Non-Injury Motor
Accident Claims” (“the Protocol”) before commencing court proceedings, which
very purpose is to cater for the early settlement of such cases (see the State
Courts Practice Directions 2014 at para 38(1)(b) and the State Courts Practice
Directions 2021 at para 39(2)). As one possible outcome under the Protocol,
there would be many cases in which the parties had agreed on liability and
entered into a consent interlocutory judgment on such agreement (see Salmizan
at [3]–[6]). In some of those cases, the parties may have, in reliance on the
previous approach and the relevant court form, consented for an interlocutory
judgment to be entered into but reserved issues of causation to be decided
entirely at the AD stage. Separately, even in the situation where the parties
did not agree on liability, there would be defendants in PIMA cases who might
have decided not to dispute issues of causation at the trial on liability in
reliance on their belief that issues of causation could be canvassed at the AD
stage.

32 Taking all these factors into account, I am satisfied that a departure from
the ordinary retroactive effect of Salmizan is necessary to avoid serious and
demonstrable injustice to the parties at hand or to the administration of
justice in general (see Adri at [40]). In particular, allowing Salmizan to
apply retroactively would mean the unravelling of many interlocutory judgments
that were entered into on the basis of the previous approach. This would lead
to “gravely unfair and disruptive consequences for past transactions or
happenings”, which is what the doctrine of prospective overruling seeks to
avoid (see the House of Lords decision of In re Spectrum Plus Ltd (in
liquidation) [2005] 2 AC 680 at [40], cited with approval in Adri at [40]).
This is because underlying the doctrine of prospective overruling is the
broader consideration of giving effect to the rule of law, which requires,
among others, that “the law should be such that people will be able to be
guided by it” (see Joseph Raz, The authority of law: Essays on law and
morality (Oxford University Press, 1979) at p 213). The Court of Appeal
elaborated on this in Adri at [30] when it stated that prospectivity in
judicial pronouncements can advance the rule of law in so far as “it enables
one to arrange his affairs on the basis of the law then prevailing without
fear that his rights or obligations would be affected by subsequent judicial
pronouncements to the contrary”.

33 Indeed, this consideration was present in Public Prosecutor v Dato’ Yap
Peng [1987] 2 MLJ 311, where the Supreme Court of Malaysia (presently known as
the Federal Court) applied the doctrine of prospective overruling because the
previous legal position in respect of the constitutionality of a criminal
provision had been relied on for some 11 years, with convictions and
acquittals secured under that provision as a result (at 320–321). Likewise, in
Re Manitoba Language Rights [1985] 1 SCR 721, the Canadian Supreme Court
granted a declaration of temporary validity in respect of its decision that
all existing provincial legislation was unconstitutional for failing to be
enacted and published in both official languages, French and English. In order
to preserve the rule of law, the Canadian Supreme Court regarded it necessary
to temporarily deem valid and effective the Acts of the Manitoba Legislature,
which would have been valid if not for this constitutional defect. The court
held that this period would run from the date of the court’s judgment to the
expiry of the minimum period necessary for translation, re-enactment,
printing, and publishing (at [107]–[109]).

34 Just like the above-mentioned cases, I am satisfied that allowing the
doctrine of prospective overruling to operate in relation to Salmizan would
further the interest of allowing parties to be guided by the law and arrange
their affairs on the basis of the law then prevailing. To otherwise allow the
principles in Salmizan to take effect retroactively would, as I alluded to
above, frustrate the expectations of the defendants in numerous PIMA cases who
might have entered into a consent interlocutory judgment or conducted the
proceedings in a certain way on their belief that they would be able to
challenge causation entirely at the AD stage. Indeed, if the interlocutory
judgments were set aside, it would greatly increase the time and complexity of
the proceedings. In this regard, the observations of DR Tan in Gannison at
[21] illustrate this problem:

… Per the Salmizan decision, if parties (in particular, the Defendant) wish to
challenge causation, such would have to be raised at trial. This could
necessitate the unwinding of the consent interlocutory judgment, which was
entered more than five years ago, in entirely different circumstances (see
[15] above). While references may be made to the papers and certified
transcripts for the AD proceedings, the matter would certainly have to be
undone in some manner, and work already done would have to be repeated. For
one, as this is a District Court suit and as I can only preside over trials in
the Magistrate’s Court, a different District Judge would likely have to be
appointed to make the necessary findings on causation at trial. Assuming that
is possible, the newly appointed judge would have to appraise himself/herself
of the papers, and witnesses may have to be recalled if the judge deems fit.

[emphasis in original]

35 Further, while not directly relevant to the principles in Adri, it is of
practical relevance that the applicant in Salmizan has sought permission to
appeal to the Appellant Division. In this regard, the problem of increased
time and complexity might be exacerbated if Salmizan operates retroactively,
and the Appellate Division eventually decides to overrule Salmizan. This is
because if Salmizan operates retroactively, parties who had entered into a
consent interlocutory judgment before Salmizan might have reacted to the new
approach in Salmizan but subsequently find themselves back to square one if
Salmizan is overruled. As such, considering the potentially disruptive effects
that the retroactive application of Salmizan might have in view of the
potential appeal, this is yet another reason for the doctrine of prospective
overruling to apply to that decision.

Conclusion

36 For all the reasons above, I dismiss the applicant’s application in OA 607.
The CIJ is to stand, and all timelines are to remain in that case.

37 More broadly, as is required by Adri at [70(d)], I state unequivocally that
the doctrine of prospective overruling should apply in relation to Salmizan.
The precise effect of this holding is that a defendant who entered into an
interlocutory judgment (whether by consent or not) prior to the date of the
decision in Salmizan (ie, 30 March 2023) is entitled to raise issues of
causation at the AD stage, even in respect of all the damage that the claimant
claims to have suffered. In other words, Salmizan would not apply to affected
cases where an interlocutory judgment was entered prior to 30 March 2023, but
only to cases where an interlocutory judgment was entered into on or after 30
March 2023. For avoidance of doubt, this also means that Salmizan would apply
to affect cases that were commenced before 30 March 2023 but in which
interlocutory judgment was not entered on or after 30 March 2023.

38 For completeness, I make no order as to SUM 1288.

39 Unless they are able to agree, the parties are to tender written
submissions on the appropriate costs order for both OA 607 and SUM 1288 within
14 days of this decision, limited to seven pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Wee Anthony, Koh Keh Jang Fendrick, Alexius Chew Hui Jun and Kenneth Loh Ding
Chao (Titanium Law Chambers LLC) for the applicant;

John Vincent (John Law Chambers LLC) for the first respondent;

The second respondent absent and unrepresented;

Fernandez Christopher and Low Huai Pin (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
third respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Jul 2023 (12:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

