Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 215

Suit No 808 of 2020

Between

| Poongothai Kuppusamy  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Guru Murti A/L Maheshrou  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Damages — Measure of damages — Personal injuries cases]

[Damages — Mitigation — Tort]

[Damages — Assessment]

[Damages — Special damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Poongothai Kuppusamy

  
v

  

Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd & Other

  

[2023] SGHC 215

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 808 of 2020  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
9–11 May, 17 July 2023

4 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Ms Poongothai Kuppusamy (“Ms Kuppusamy”), was involved in a
road traffic accident on 23 September 2017. She was 48 years’ old at the time.
I found the first defendant, Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd (“Huationg”), to be
wholly liable for her injuries: Poongothai Kuppusamy v Huationg Contractor Pte
Ltd and another (Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore, intervener) [2021] SGHC
108. The assessment of damages subsequently took place before me. I set out my
findings below.

Facts

The parties

2 Ms Kuppusamy and the second defendant, Mr Guru Murti a/l Maheshrou (“Mr
Maheshrou”), are Malaysian citizens. Huationg is a company incorporated in
Singapore.

Background to the dispute

3 Beginning on 1 August 2017, Ms Kuppusamy was employed as a Security Officer
by Eve3r Knight Consultancy Services Pte Ltd (“Eve3r”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mohammad Riduan bin Osman’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 December
2022 (“Riduan’s AEIC”) at para 3 and p 6; Poongothai Kuppusamy’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (Quantum) dated 1 February 2023 (“Plaintiff’s AEIC”) at para
5.

Eve3r is a company incorporated in Singapore. It is in the business of,
amongst other things, supplying its customers with “Security Officers” (ie,
security guards). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 2.

“Security Officers” must fulfil a range of duties, including dynamic (eg,
patrolling) and static (eg, standing sentry) duties. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 2.

4 On 23 September 2017, Ms Kuppusamy was riding pillion on a motorcycle ridden
by Mr Maheshrou, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 3; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 9
September 2020 (“Statement of Claim”) at para 1.

when they were involved in an accident with a lorry driven by an employee of
Huationg (the “Accident”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Guru Murti a/l Maheshrou’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 March 2021
at para 2; Amirthalingam Kanmani’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 14
January 2021 at para 2; and Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 3.

5 As a result of the Accident, Ms Kuppusamy has suffered: (a) a below-the-knee
amputation of her left limb; (b) injury to her left popliteal region,
requiring a skin graft; (c) pain over her knee; and (d) lower back pain. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim at para 7.

6 After the Accident, Eve3r paid Ms Kuppusamy her wages for September 2017,
inclusive of overtime pay earned up to the date of the Accident. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 4.

Eve3r subsequently terminated her employment and she returned to Malaysia,
residing in Johor Bahru. Ms Kuppusamy has received treatment in Singapore, at
Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”) and National University Hospital (“NUH”), 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Agreed Core Bundle (Quantum) filed on 2 May 2023 (“Agreed Core Bundle”) at pp
68–75.

and in Malaysia.

7 Ms Kuppusamy remained on hospitalisation leave until January 2018. Later
that year, she obtained her first prosthetic limb in Malaysia. This prosthetic
limb was unsuitable. Consequently, Ms Kuppusamy sought a second prosthetic
limb. Ms Kuppusamy's prosthetic expert, Mr Santosh Kumar Prasad (“Mr Prasad”),
recommended her the “Microprocessor-Controlled Prosthetic Limb” (“MPCP”).
After three months of training beginning in October 2022, Mr Prasad fitted Ms
Kuppusamy with the MPCP in February 2023. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript for the hearing on 9 May 2023 (“Transcript (9 May 2023)”) at p 45,
lines 11–16.

Procedural history

8 Ms Kuppusamy commenced proceedings against Huationg and Mr Maheshrou
seeking, amongst other things, damages to be assessed against both defendants.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim at p 6.

This matter was bifurcated, with the issue of liability to be dealt with
before the issue of damages. On 3 May 2021, I found Huationg wholly liable for
Ms Kuppusamy’s claim.

Issues to be determined

9 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages against Huationg under the following heads:

(a) pre-trial loss of earnings (“PTLE”);

(b) pain, suffering, and loss of amenities (“PSL”);

(c) loss of future earnings (“LFE”);

(d) loss of earning capacity (“LEC”);

(e) medical expenses (“MEs”);

(f) future medical expenses (“FMEs”);

(g) transport expenses (“TEs”); and

(h) future transport expenses (“FTEs”).

Ms Kuppusamy and Huationg are referred to collectively as the “Parties”.

10 During the assessment of damages, Ms Kuppusamy and Huationg called Mr
Prasad and Ms Kalaivani a/p Vedaiyan Gurusamy (“Ms Gurusamy”), respectively,
as their expert witnesses on prosthetic limbs (collectively, the “Prosthetic
Experts”). Ms Kuppusamy and Huationg called Dr Yegappan Muthukaruppan (“Dr
Muthukaruppan”) and Dr Kamal Bose (“Dr Bose”), respectively, as their expert
witnesses on the former’s claims for damages arising from PSL and FMEs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Scott Schedule (Dr Muthukaruppan & Dr Bose) filed on 2 May 2023.

Dr Muthukaruppan and Dr Bose are both orthopaedic surgeons. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Yegappan Muthukaruppan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 March 2023 at
p 4; Bose Kamal’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 31 March 2023 at para 1
and p 4.

In relation to the claim for FMEs, Ms Kuppusamy and Huationg called Dr Sankara
Kumar (“Dr Kumar”) and Dr Vivek Singh (“Dr Singh”), respectively, as expert
witnesses. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Scott Schedule (Dr Kumar & Dr Singh) filed on 2 May 2023 at p 1.

Ms Kuppusamy also called as a witness, one Mr Mohammad Riduan bin Osman (“Mr
Riduan”), Eve3r’s Operations Manager. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 1.

11 The issues to be determined in this judgment arise pursuant to the
particular heads of claim for damages sought by Ms Kuppusamy. I examine them
below. The Parties’ submissions consistently apply an exchange rate of S$1 =
RM3.3. I adopt this exchange rate for the purposes of my decision.

Pre-trial loss of earnings

12 In her Reply Submissions, Ms Kuppusamy agreed with Huationg’s proposal for
the relevant period in the determination of PTLE to be from November 2017 to
May 2023 (ie, 67 months), and claims S$134,814.78. However, this sum
mistakenly also includes a claim for overtime pay for September and October
2017. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 15 June 2023 (“Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions”) at para 20; Plaintiff’s Closing Submission dated 22 May 2023
(“Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions”) at para 26.

Based on the relevant period, Ms Kuppusamy’s claim is correctly for damages in
the sum of S$134,150 for PTLE. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 20.

This is calculated based on multipliers and multiplicands submitted by Ms
Kuppusamy as set out below: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submission at para 20; Plaintiff’s Closing Submission at
para 26.

Time Period| Number of Months| Multiplicand| Total  
---|---|---|---  
Nov to Dec 2017 | 2 | S$1,800| S$3,600  
Jan to Dec 2018 | 12| S$1,850| S$22,200  
Jan to Dec 2019 | 12| S$1,900| S$22,800  
Jan to Dec 2020 | 12| S$1,950| S$23,400  
Jan to Dec 2021 | 12| S$2,000| S$24,000  
Jan to Dec 2022 | 12| S$2,200| S$26,400  
Jan to May 2023 | 5| S$2,350| S$11,750  
Total:| S$134,150.00  
  
Notwithstanding the Parties’ agreement on the multiplier, Huationg submits
that Ms Kuppusamy’s submission on the multiplicand is incorrect.

13 Accordingly, the key issue in this section relates to the applicable
multiplicand. This raises further sub-issues in relation to:

(a) what components of Ms Kuppusamy’s salary should be factored into the
multiplicand;

(b) whether the multiplicand should account for possible job promotion;

(c) whether the multiplicand should account for annual increments; and

(d) whether Ms Kuppusamy satisfied her duty to mitigate her loss.

14 Before considering this issue, it is useful to first summarise the position
on PTLE as set out in Yap Boon Fong Yvonne v Wong Kok Mun Alvin and another
and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 230 (“Yap Boon Fong”) at [40]–[42]: (a) the
courts are generally antipathic towards the idea of awarding compensation for
loss which did not actually materialise (at [40]); (b) the plaintiff must
prove his pre-trial losses as a matter of special damages (at [41]); (c) all
pre-trial losses must be losses that have actually been incurred by the
plaintiff and that can and must be specially proved (at [41] and [42]); and
(d) the established approach is to “[examine] whether any actual provable loss
had been suffered by the plaintiff” (at [40]).

Relevant components of Ms Kuppusamy's monthly salary

15 Ms Kuppusamy submits that the applicable multiplicand, as set out in the
table at [12] above, should comprise of three components: her (a) basic
salary; (b) allowances; and (c) overtime pay. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 21.

At the time of the Accident, Ms Kuppusamy’s basic salary amounted to S$700 per
month, her allowances amounted to S$600 per month, and overtime pay was
payable at a rate of S$5.51 per hour. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Riduan’s AEIC at p 6.

Based on her submissions, Ms Kuppusamy’s position is, in effect, that she
would have worked overtime for an average of 90.7 hours per month, at least
for the year of 2018, for an additional S$500 per month in overtime pay.

16 On the other hand, Huationg submits that the multiplicand should comprise
only of Ms Kuppusamy’s basic salary, amounting to S$46,900 for 67 months. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 23 May 2023 (“1st Defendant’s
Closing Submissions”) at paras 7.4, 7.7–7.8.

Huationg relies on Mr Riduan’s evidence that only the receipt of Ms
Kuppusamy’s basic salary was certain. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.4 referencing Transcript for the
hearing on 10 May 2023 (“Transcript (10 May 2023)”) at p 30, lines 3–14.

The monthly allowances were subject to Ms Kuppusamy’s full attendance and good
conduct, while the overtime pay was discretionary. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.4 referencing Transcript (10 May
2023) at p 16, line 17 to p 17, line 7.

17 If the court is inclined to factor in overtime pay, Huationg submits that
the quantum of damages should be S$73,840.24. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.8.

Huationg came to this figure by referencing Mr Riduan’s testimony that Eve3r’s
Security Officers tend to work three overtime hours per day. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.8 referencing Transcript (10 May
2023) at p 6, line 16 to p 7, line 6.

As Ms Kuppusamy’s employment contract with Eve3r required her to work six days
per week, she would have worked overtime for 18 hours per week, or 72 hours
per month. At the contractual overtime pay rate of S$5.51 per hour, Ms
Kuppusamy would have earned an overtime pay of S$396.72 per month. In addition
to her basic salary of S$700, the monthly multiplicand should be S$1,096.72,
for a total award of S$73,840.24. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.8.

Before moving on, I observe that this figure was incorrectly calculated.
Multiplying a multiplicand of S$1,096.72 by a multiplier of 67 months amounts
to S$73,480.24. I take this figure to be Huationg’s submission here.

18 In response, Ms Kuppusamy submits that Huationg had misinterpreted Mr
Riduan’s evidence. On re-examination, Mr Riduan had clarified that the basic
salary and allowances components of Ms Kuppusamy’s monthly wages are a
“package”, such that her monthly wage would be a “minimum” of S$1,300. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 21 referencing Transcript (10 May 2023)
at p 47, lines 4–18.

19 I agree that on the evidence, Ms Kuppusamy’s monthly wage would have been
at least S$1,300. In relation to the allowances, Mr Riduan testified that if
not for the Accident, he expects that Ms Kuppusamy would have earned in
subsequent months at least, if not more than, what she earned in August 2017
(ie, S$1,788.92). This suggests that Mr Riduan did not have any doubts as to
whether she would be able to satisfy the requirements to obtain the allowances
of S$600 per month. Further, Ms Kuppusamy was praised by clients during the
short time that she was with Eve3r, indicating good conduct as required for
receipt of allowances.

20 In relation to overtime pay, the fact that it would have been a variable
component of Ms Kuppusamy’s monthly wage does not preclude its inclusion in
the multiplicand. As held in Yap Boon Fong at [40], the assessment of PTLE
must be based on the provable state of affairs at the time of the Accident.
Accordingly, the question is whether the evidence proves that at the time of
the Accident, Ms Kuppusamy would have worked overtime, and if so, how many
hours she would have worked.

21 During the hearing, Ms Kuppusamy testified that as she was single and did
not have a family, she would have consistently worked overtime if employed at
Eve3r. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 18, lines 5–7.

Further, she expressed that as other Security Officers in Eve3r usually worked
overtime, she would do the same. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 18, lines 16–18.

This testimony was corroborated by Mr Riduan, who stated that it was clear
from the way Ms Kuppusamy spoke to him that she wanted to work overtime, as
she was single and also needed the overtime pay. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 13, lines 17–19.

Further, Mr Riduan testified that Eve3r’s Security Officers did generally work
overtime, contributing to increases in their monthly wages. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 4.

On the evidence, I find that Ms Kuppusamy has proven that she would have
worked overtime, had she continued working at Eve3r. As such, I will factor
overtime pay into the multiplicand. I next assess the quantum of the
multiplicand.

22 Mr Riduan testified that Ms Kuppusamy received a gross salary of S$1,788.92
in August 2017, and S$1,635.22 in September 2017. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 4.

From these figures, Mr Riduan calculated that Ms Kuppusamy worked overtime for
between 78 to 82 hours in August 2017, and around 56 hours over 22 days in
September 2017, as of the date of the Accident (ie, 23 September 2017).
Extrapolating the latter figure for the period of 30 days, Ms Kuppusamy would
have worked overtime for about 76 hours in September 2017, if not for the
Accident. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 36, line 20 to p 37, line 19.

Taking the median point of the range provided by Mr Riduan for August 2017 and
averaging the number of overtime hours worked during her two months at Eve3r,
Ms Kuppusamy would have worked overtime for an average of 78 hours per month
in August and September 2017. I consider this to be a reasonable initial
reference point for the number of hours that she would have worked overtime
every month.

23 Nonetheless, I note that Mr Riduan highlighted that the law limits the
maximum number of overtime hours worked to 72 hours per month, unless a
company has an exemption to this rule. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 38, lines 11–12.

Mr Riduan testified that Eve3r had such an exemption around the time of the
Accident for about two or three years. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 39, lines 1–3.

As an award for PTLE is a grant of special damages, I adopt a conservative
approach towards this evidence and take the lower limit of this range to
assume that Eve3r had this exemption for two years from 2017 to 2018. In light
of this, I find that but for the Accident, Ms Kuppusamy would have worked
overtime for 78 hours per month from November 2017 to December 2018 (ie, 14
months) and 72 hours per month from January 2019 to May 2023 (ie, 53 months).

Possibility of job promotion

24 Ms Kuppusamy’s submissions on the multiplicand also factors in a promotion
to “Senior Security Officer” (“SSO”) from January 2022 onwards, such that the
multiplicand is S$2,200 in 2022 and S$2,350 in 2023.

25 In his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), Mr Riduan stated that he
expects that if Ms Kuppusamy were still working for Eve3r, she would presently
earn at least S$2,100 per month, including allowances and overtime pay. He
testified that Eve3r would promote Security Officers who have remained with
the company for three to five years to the rank of SSO, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 35, lines 7–9.

where they would earn around S$2,300 to S$2,400 per month. Mr Riduan claimed
that this would have been Ms Kuppusamy’s salary if she was still in the
company. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 32, lines 21–24.

26 On Mr Riduan’s evidence, Ms Kuppusamy would have been promoted if she
remained with Eve3r. Two sub-issues then arise in relation to this section:

(a) whether Ms Kuppusamy would remain in Eve3r for three to five years such
that she would have enjoyed such a promotion; and

(b) what the quantum of the multiplicand should then be.

27 Huationg claims that there is no basis for the multiplicand to factor in an
increase in basic salary following a promotion at Eve3r. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.7.

In support of this submission, Huationg highlighted the high attrition rate of
security guards in Eve3r, and that there are currently only three to four
persons, out of 45, who earn between S$2,300 to S$2,400 per month at Eve3r. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.6.

28 In Tan Siew Bin Ronnie v Chin Wee Keong [2008] 1 SLR(R) 178 (“Tan Siew
Bin”), Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) explained at [25] in relation to PTLE
that:

… The actual state of affairs between the time of the accident and the time of
trial would be known. Hence, there would be no ‘unknown risks’ or ‘unknown
factors’ exacerbating the loss which must be accounted for. In a sense, all
such ‘unknowns’ would be known and manifested in the actual income earned for
the pre-trial period. For instance, if there was a risk of termination, and he
was in fact never terminated during the pre-trial period, the probability of
termination during that period would be zero as no termination took place.

[emphasis added]

This dicta was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Yap Boon Fong at [40].

29 Although Eve3r suffers from a high attrition rate and there are few
security guards who presently hold the position of SSO, these facts do not
necessitate that Ms Kuppusamy would have left Eve3r or had her employment
terminated, and consequently not enjoyed the promotion. Referencing the
analysis in Tan Siew Bin, the high attrition rate connotes that there was a
risk that Ms Kuppusamy would have resigned from her job at Eve3r at some point
prior to being promoted to SSO. However, this risk had not materialised during
the time Ms Kuppusamy was at Eve3r, and it would be unfair to impute the
realisation of this risk onto her based on circumstances that are not specific
to her. As such, I find that for the purposes of assessing damages for PTLE,
the multiplicand should account for Ms Kuppusamy remaining with Eve3r, and
consequently factor in an increase in her salary resulting from a promotion to
SSO.

30 Notwithstanding, I recognise that the promotion did not materialise during
Ms Kuppusamy’s employment at Eve3r prior to the Accident. Coupled with the
claim for PTLE being a claim for special damages, I will adopt a conservative
approach in determining the multiplicand. According to her employment
contract, Ms Kuppusamy was on probation for a period of three months (ie, from
August to October 2017). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Riduan’s AEIC at p 6.

Mr Riduan’s evidence was that Security Officers are promoted to SSO after
remaining with Eve3r for three to five years. I will take the upper limit of
this range – ie, promotion after five years of employment – and exclude the
period of probation from this calculation. In other words, I assume that Ms
Kuppusamy would have been promoted in November 2022. At which point, I find
that the applicable multiplicand is that of the lower limit of the range
provided by Mr Riduan – S$2,300 per month, inclusive of allowance and overtime
pay. Assuming no changes to her monthly allowance (ie, S$600 per month) and
hourly rate of overtime pay (ie, S$5.51 per hour, totalling S$396.72 per
month), Ms Kuppusamy’s monthly basic salary for the year following the
promotion is about S$1,303.28 per month.

Annual increments in salary

31 As seen from the table at [12] above, the quantum of damages claimed by Ms
Kuppusamy for PTLE also accounts for annual increments of S$50 to her monthly
wages from 2017 to 2021, an increment of S$200 for the year of 2022, and an
increment of S$150 for the year of 2023. Huationg’s submissions indicate that
they do not accept any such increments to be factored into the multiplicand.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 16 June 2023 (“1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions”) at para 5.4.

32 Ms Kuppusamy’s employment contract does not provide for specific annual
increments but states that all salary adjustments are at Eve3r’s discretion.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Riduan’s AEIC at p 6.

Notwithstanding, Ms Kuppusamy’s submission for annual increments is supported
by Mr Riduan’s oral evidence. He testified that the security guards in Eve3r
receive annual increments to their monthly basic salary of around S$70 to
S$100, depending on their individual performance. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 39, line 15 to p 40, line 7.

Further, Mr Riduan agreed that the annual increments sought by Ms Kuppusamy as
set out in the table above at [12] are fair and reasonable. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 40, lines 8–21.

33 In light of Mr Riduan’s evidence, I accept Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for annual
increments of S$50 to her basic salary from November 2017 to December 2021
(see also Lee Teck Nam v Kang Hock Seng Paul [2005] 4 SLR(R) 14 (“Lee Teck
Nam”) at [41]–[43]). However, there is no evidence to support her claim of a
S$200 increment to S$2,200 per month for 2022, and a S$150 increment to
S$2,350 per month for 2023. Further, this rate of increase surpasses the range
of S$70 to S$100 which Mr Riduan gave evidence for. In so far as these
increments are intended to be attributed to a job promotion to SSO, I have
dealt with this above at [30]. As such, I will apply an annual increment of
S$50 to the relevant monthly multiplicand for every period of 12 months.

Duty to mitigate

34 Regardless, Huationg submits that Ms Kuppusamy had not satisfied her duty
to mitigate her losses and hence, the applicable multiplicand should be
reduced. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 7.9–7.19.

This duty arose from February 2018 to May 2023, following the end of her
hospitalisation leave. Huationg’s position is that Ms Kuppusamy has not been
as aggressive in finding employment as she could have been, bearing in mind
that she could have sought assistance from employment agents and disability
associations to find employment. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 5.5.

35 Huationg hence submits various alternative figures of monthly salaries
which could be subtracted from the applicable multiplicand, depending on the
extent of mitigation the court deems reasonable:

(a) RM1,797 (S$544.55) – based on the average salary of a person in Malaysia
with the same level of education as Ms Kuppusamy, per the Department of
Statistics Malaysia (“DOSM”);

(b) RM1,500 (S$454.55) – based on the salary of a security guard in Malaysia,
ie, a role which Ms Kuppusamy applied for; or

(c) RM1,200 (S$363.64) – based on the salary of a retail or sales assistant in
Malaysia.

36 Huationg further submits that Ms Kuppusamy could have but failed to apply
for interim payment earlier and was thus responsible for the delay in securing
a prosthetic which would have restored her functions. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 5.7.

37 In response, Ms Kuppusamy submits that she has been unable to find gainful
employment in Singapore and Malaysia since the Accident. She was fitted with
her first prosthetic limb in May 2018. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 9; Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 21, line 1–3.

However, this first prosthetic leg required further assistance from a walking
stick to allow her to move around. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 9.

Later, this first prosthetic limb caused her pain and by 2019, she was only
wearing this prosthetic at home. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 20, line 24 to p 21, line 6.

Ms Kuppusamy was fitted with her second and current, prosthetic limb in
October 2022. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 9; Agreed Core Bundle at p 51.

Following which, she underwent a period of training, with a final fitting of
this prosthetic around February 2023. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 54, line 7–19.

She testified that she has tried looking for various jobs, including as a
security officer, cashier, and sales assistant. She was not successful. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 22, lines 11–20.

She also testified that she not aware of any associations that could help
disabled get jobs nor aware of employment agents who could do so. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 47, line 22 to p 48, line 8.

38 Before analysing the evidence, I highlight that the burden of proof is on
Huationg to show that Ms Kuppusamy had failed to mitigate her loss (see Teo
Sing Keng and another v Sim Ban Kiat [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 at [45]–[46]).

39 I see no reason to reject Ms Kuppusamy’s evidence. In my view, it is
unreasonable to expect her to have immediately returned to work, or look for
work, after the end of her hospitalisation leave in mid-January 2018,
especially without the aid of any prosthetic limb. Also, although Ms Kuppusamy
was fitted with her first prosthetic limb in May 2018, the issues caused by
this prosthetic, especially the pain she experienced, would have made it
difficult for her to return to work, even as a retail assistant.

40 Huationg submits that these issues could have been resolved by an earlier
application for interim payment. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 5.7.

This was raised for the first time in Huationg’s Reply Submissions. As such,
this claim was not put to Ms Kuppusamy, nor was she cross-examined on this
during the hearing. Furthermore, Ms Kuppusamy has not had the opportunity to
respond to this unsubstantiated claim. Accordingly, I find that Huationg has
not satisfied its burden to prove that Ms Kuppusamy failed to mitigate her
PTLEs in this respect.

41 From her testimony in court, Ms Kuppusamy did not strike me as someone who
was unwilling to look for a job. On the contrary, she appears willing to look
for a job but had been unsuccessful in finding employment thus far due at
least in part to her physical disability. While Huationg submits that there
are associations and employment agents that can help disabled persons find
employment, it has not adduced any evidence of such association or agents, or
evidence that they can indeed help someone with a physical disability to find
jobs.

42 In light of the evidence before me, I find that on the whole, Huationg has
not satisfied its burden to prove that Ms Kuppusamy had not mitigated her
loss. Hence, I will not reduce the multiplicand.

43 Following from the above, I award Ms Kuppusamy damages for PTLE for the
period from November 2017 to May 2023 in the sum of S$124,366.04:

Time Period (No. of Months)| Multiplicand (S$)  
---|---  
Basic Salary| Allowance| Overtime Pay| Total (Month)| Total (Period)  
Nov 2017 to  
Oct 2018 (12)| 700| 600| 429.78| 1,729.78| 20,757.36  
Nov 2018 to  
Dec 2018 (2)| 750| 600| 429.78| 1,779.78| 3,559.56  
Jan 2019 to  
Oct 2019 (10)| 750| 600| 396.72| 1,746.72| 17,467.20  
Nov 2019 to  
Oct 2020 (12) | 800| 600| 396.72| 1,796.72| 21,560.64  
Nov 2020 to  
Oct 2021 (12)| 850| 600| 396.72| 1,846.72| 22,160.64  
Nov 2021 to  
Oct 2022 (12)| 900| 600| 396.72| 1,896.72| 22,760.64  
Nov 2022 to  
May 2023 (7)| 1,303.28| 600| 396.72| 2,300.00| 16,100.00  
Total| 124,366.04  
  
Pain, suffering, and loss of amenities

44 Ms Kuppusamy seeks damages for PSL that arise from:

(a) the below-the-knee amputation of her lower left limb;

(b) aggravation of osteoarthritis in her right knee; and

(c) extensive non-surgical scarring.

Amputation of lower left limb

45 Ms Kuppusamy seeks S$75,000 for PSL arising from the below-the-knee
amputation of her lower left limb. Huationg submits that S$40,000 is
sufficient. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.1.

46 The Parties refer to Charlene Chee et al, Guidelines for the Assessment of
General Damages in Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing, 2010) (the
“Guidelines”). For pain and suffering caused by below-the-knee amputations of
one leg, the Guidelines provide an estimated range of S$40,000 to S$70,000.

47 Ms Kuppusamy refers to three High Court cases and the awards of damages for
PSL therein. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 8.

First, Quek Yen Fei Kenneth v Yeo Chye Huat [2016] 3 SLR 1106 (“Kenneth Quek
(HC)”), where the plaintiff was 20 years’ old at the time of the accident and
was awarded S$80,000. There, the court considered the plaintiff’s youth at the
time of the accident, the pain and suffering he endured from the surgical
attempt to salvage his leg, and the fact that the plaintiff continued
experiencing pain four years after the accident. Second, Hiak Chuak Kin v Teo
Li Lian (Suit No 608 of 2007, High Court) (“Hiak Chuak Kin”), where the
plaintiff was 40 years’ old at the time of the accident, underwent multiple
surgeries, and was awarded S$80,000. Third, Tan Juay Mui (by his next friend
Chew Chwee Kim) v Sher Kuan Hock and another (Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd, co-
defendant; Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd and another, third parties) [2012] 3 SLR
496 (“Tan Juay Mui”), where the plaintiff was 48 years’ old at the time of the
accident and was awarded S$60,000.

48 As Ms Kuppusamy was 48 years’ old at the time of the Accident, she submits
that Tan Juay Mui bears the closest resemblance to the present case, but the
applicable quantum should be adjusted upwards for, first, inflation. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 9–10.

She relies on Lee Teck Nam for her submission that the quantum of damages
payable should be adjusted for inflation. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 2 May 2023 (“Plaintiff’s Opening
Statement”) at para 5.

The S$60,000 award in Tan Juay Mui was granted in 2012. Using the Goods &
Services Inflation Calculator on the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s website
(the “MAS Inflation Calculator”), the value of the award in Tan Juay Mui is
S$67,587.28, or around S$68,000, in 2022. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 10.

Second, Ms Kuppusamy submits that a further uplift should be applied such that
she be awarded S$75,000. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 12; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 7.

49 Huationg submits that the damages should only be S$40,000. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.6.

Amongst other things, it claims that Ms Kuppusamy no longer experiences pain
in the amputated region. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 2.14.

Huationg relies on Ms Kuppusamy’s oral testimony that “there is no pain [in
the amputated region]; even if there was any pain it’s much lesser”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 2.14 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 13, lines 12–15.

Huationg also relies on a report dated 7 August 2021 by Ms Kuppusamy’s
prosthetic expert, Mr Prasad, where he noted in relation to her left stump,
“[p]hantom pain absent”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 2.13 referencing Santosh Kumar
Prasad’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 February 2023 (“Prasad’s
AEIC”) at p 18.

50 Huationg further submits that this case may be distinguished from Tan Juay
Mui. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 2.6, 2.6.1, 2.6.2, and 2.6.3.

First, Ms Kuppusamy did not suffer a life-threatening injury which
necessitated the below-the-knee amputation, unlike the plaintiff in Tan Juay
Mui. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.6.1.

Second, the plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui suffered from various complications as a
result of the accident, such as low blood pressure, sepsis, significant
retrograde amnesia, phantom limb pain and depression, which Ms Kuppusamy did
not experience. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.6.2–2.6.3.

Third, the award in Tan Juay Mui Ms Kuppusamy relies on was a separate award
for diabetic-related conditions, as opposed to being an award for leg injury.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.2.

Ms Kuppusamy is not known to be diabetic. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.2.

Consequently, her claim of S$60,000 by analogy to Tan Juay Mui is overstated.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 2.6 and 2.7.2.

51 Additionally, Huationg avers that the quantum of damages should not include
adjustments for inflation or further uplifts. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.

It submits, first, that the range set out in the Guidelines already accounts
for inflation. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.1.

In support of this, Huationg relies on Quek Yen Fei Kenneth (by his litigation
representative Pang Choy Chun) v Yeo Chye Huat and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
229 (“Kenneth Quek (CA)”) at [41] and [110]. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.1, fn 41.

Second, Huationg submits that if the court were inclined to factor inflation
into the quantum of damages, the applicable rate of inflation should be that
in Malaysia (ie, approximately 3.3%) as Ms Kuppusamy has returned to Malaysia
and will continue living there. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.1.

Decision

52 Of the three precedents which Ms Kuppusamy referred me to, I agree with her
that Tan Juay Mui bears the most factual similarity to the present case. This
is because, in particular, Ms Kuppusamy was significantly older than the
plaintiff in Kenneth Quek (HC) at the time of the accident and did not have
multiple surgeries, like the plaintiff in Hiak Chuak Kin.

53 I am unable to agree with Huationg’s submissions which seek to distinguish
Tan Juay Mui from the present case. First, while it was not a “life-
threatening injury” which necessitated the loss of her lower left limb, the
Accident was nevertheless the cause for the loss of Ms Kuppusamy’s limb.
Second, the fact that she did not suffer from the same side effects as the
plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui does not preclude the former’s reference to the
award there for leg injury. The plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui suffered not just a
leg injury, but also a severe brain injury with blood collecting between the
layers of the brain (Tan Juay Mui at [3]). This brain injury was responsible
for many of the complications that the plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui suffered
from, which Huationg claimed Ms Kuppusamy did not share. Significantly, Judith
Prakash J (as she then was), in upholding the separate award for damages of
S$170,000 granted by the court below for the plaintiff’s brain injury, took
into account the complications caused by the said brain injury (at [36]).
Further, when granting the plaintiff an award of S$60,000 for the leg injury,
Praksah J (as she then was) observed that there were side effects, such as
weakness of the plaintiff’s left side and impaired vision, which could not be
attributed to her leg injury (at [54]). In other words, the court in Tan Juay
Mui had considered the causes of the complications and side effects
experienced by the plaintiff there and granted distinct awards of damages for
the relevant injuries and complications. Third, the court in Tan Juay Mui
granted two distinct awards for the plaintiff’s diabetic condition and leg
injury, respectively. As such, Ms Kuppusamy’s reference to the award of
S$60,000 in Tan Juay Mui is not a reliance on the award for the diabetic
condition suffered by the plaintiff there.

54 I accordingly reference the figure of S$60,000 awarded in Tan Juay Mui as
the baseline of the quantum of damages to be awarded to Ms Kuppusamy.

55 In relation to whether this figure should be adjusted for inflation, I
concur with Lee Teck Nam at [13] that inflation may be factored into the
quantum of damages awarded. The Court of Appeal in Kenneth Quek (CA) had also
recognised at [41] that the court may take into account changes in purchasing
power since the time of the precedent in its award of damages. Contrary to
Huationg’s submission, Kenneth Quek (CA) at [110] does not support its claim
that the range set out in the Guidelines accounts for inflation. The Court of
Appeal at [110] recognised that the Guidelines were promulgated 18 years after
the award in Pang Teck Kong v Chew Eng Hwa [1992] SGHC 31 was granted. In
light of this passage of time, the authors of the Guidelines recommended a 40%
increase in the maximum value of the award. Hence, contrary to Huationg’s
submission, the dicta in Kenneth Quek (CA) at [110] suggests that awards
should account for inflation where the increase in the value of money, due to
the passage of time, is significant.

56 Huationg submits that the rate of inflation should be that in Malaysia (ie,
3.3%) and the time period for which this rate of inflation should apply begins
in 2010, the year that the Guidelines were published. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.7.1. and p 34.

However, this submission is of a higher inflation rate and longer time period
than that claimed by Ms Kuppusamy. Ms Kuppusamy references the award in Tan
Juay Mui, which was granted in 2012. Additionally, the MAS Inflation
Calculator, which she used to calculate the value of the award in Tan Juay
Mui, applied the rate of inflation in Singapore. Over the same period as that
submitted by Huationg, this rate was only 1.2%. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Bundle of Authorities filed on 22 May 2023 at p 3.

I find Ms Kuppusamy’s submission reasonable and thus, I will apply the
parameters as submitted by her, notwithstanding Huationg’s submission.

57 Applying the MAS Inflation Calculator, the value of an award of S$60,000 in
2012 would be S$67,587.28 in 2022. I will hence adjust the reference figure of
S$60,000 for inflation to S$67,500.

58 As to whether there ought to be a further uplift to this quantum for Ms
Kuppusamy’s pain, I note that while Mr Prasad reported that she did not feel
phantom pains, the fact that Ms Kuppusamy did not feel pain around the time
she met Mr Prasad does not preclude the possibility of her feeling pain on
other occasions. Also, when Huationg asked Ms Kuppusamy if she felt pain now,
her reply was no, but “even if there was… it’s much lesser”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 13, lines 12-15.

Her reply is hence that she did not feel pain at the point of the question,
but she did feel pain on other occasions, but of a lesser degree. Ms Kuppusamy
also stated while giving her testimony in court that “[her] leg [was] painful
because [she had been] sitting for very long”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 38, lines 24–25.

I find no reason to doubt her testimony during the hearing that she was
experiencing pain. Her evidence is consistent with the statement by her
orthopaedic surgeon, Dr Kumar, that she “has persistent left knee pain due to
the scarring over the back of knee”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

C Sankara Kumar a/l Chandrasekaran’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 22
February 2023 at p 21.

Additionally, Huationg’s orthopaedic surgeon, Dr Singh, also recognised that
the amputation was “traumatic”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Vivek Ajit Singh’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 30 January 2023 at p
50.

59 However, I do not find Ms Kuppusamy’s pain to be so severe as to justify
departing from the upper limit of the range set out in the Guidelines (see
Kenneth Quek (HC) at [12]–[17]; affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Kenneth
Quek (CA) at [41]). In light of the evidence on the pain suffered, I grant a
further S$2,000 uplift to award Ms Kuppusamy damages in the sum of S$69,500
for PSL caused by the below-the-knee amputation of her lower left limb.

Aggravation of osteoarthritis in right knee

60 Ms Kuppusamy seeks damages for the aggravation of osteoarthritis in her
right knee. She relies on Pandian Marimuthu v Guan Leong Construction Pte Ltd
[2002] SGDC 189, where the court awarded S$5,000 in 2002 for osteoarthritis in
the knee. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 15.

Basing her claim on this figure, Ms Kuppusamy used the MAS Inflation
Calculator to determine the value of this award in 2022 – ie, S$7,234.72. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 15.

Ms Kuppusamy rounds this figure up and claims S$7,500. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 15.

61 Huationg submits that no award of damages should be granted under this sub-
head. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.18.

As a preliminary point, Huationg submits that this claim was not sufficiently
pleaded and that it did not have adequate notice of this claim. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.2.2.

Amongst other things, Huationg claims that any aggravation of osteoarthritis
in Ms Kuppusamy’s right knee was caused by her use of ill-fitting prosthetics
and her decision to stop using said prosthetics without first obtaining
medical advice. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.11.

Expert evidence

62 Ms Kuppusamy and Huationg called Dr Muthukaruppan and Dr Bose
(collectively, the “Experts”) as their expert witnesses for this head of
claim, respectively. During the hearing, both Experts affirmed that they did
not have radiological images of Ms Kuppusamy’s knees prior to the Accident. As
such, they could not testify as to the changes to her knee due to the
Accident. Notwithstanding, both Experts agreed that the post-Accident
radiological images showed similarities in both knees. In light of this
similarity, Dr Bose testified that his presumption is that the state of both
knees is not related to the Accident. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 94, lines 18–25.

Dr Muthukaruppan testified that it is possible that the current osteoarthritic
conditions of both knees are age-related. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 94, lines 1–8.

Huationg emphasises these views of the Experts. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 2.10 and 2.13.

63 Ms Kuppusamy accepts the Experts’ evidence that her osteoarthritic
condition in both knees is likely a pre-existing one. However, she relies on
their evidence that there could have been an increase in loading on the right
knee due to the amputation of her lower left limb in support of her claim.

Decision

64 Given the radiological similarities in both knees, I find Dr Bose’s view
that Ms Kuppusamy’s osteoarthritic condition is likely age-related to be
compelling and logical. Even Huationg’s expert, Dr Muthukaruppan, agrees that
the radiological similarities lend support to Dr Bose’s view. On the other
hand, there is no evidence to support that there actually was any aggravation
of osteoarthritic symptoms due to the amputation of Ms Kuppusamy’s lower left
limb. I consequently disallow her claim for damages for aggravation of
osteoarthritis in her right knee. In view of this, it is unnecessary for me to
deal with Huationg’s objection on the ground of lack of pleading.

Non-surgical scars

65 Finally, Ms Kuppusamy seeks S$10,000 in damages for PSL caused by extensive
non-surgical scarring. Huationg submits that this has not been pleaded 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.2.3.

and that it was consequently not able to give proper attention to the evidence
relevant to this claim. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1st Defendant’s Clarification Submissions dated 11 July 2023 at para 2.17.

Its position is that no award of damages should be made. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.25.

66 As a result of the Accident, Ms Kuppusamy received a split skin graft
(“SSG”) at her left popliteal fossa (ie, back of her left knee), which left a
scar measuring 9cm by 8cm. She also has two scars measuring 18cm by 6cm and
13cm by 6cm at the SSG donor site on her left thigh. Ms Kuppusamy references
Kenneth Quek (HC) where the court awarded the plaintiff S$7,000 for two small
scars measuring 3cm each and submits that S$10,000 was reasonable given that
her scars were much larger than that in Kenneth Quek (HC).

67 Huationg submits that in Kenneth Quek (CA), the scars suffered by the
plaintiff were caused by the accident itself, without any surgical
interference, unlike the scars suffered by Ms Kuppusamy. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.23.

Ms Kuppusamy’s scars are also capable of being easily hidden under common
articles of clothing and hence do not have adverse aesthetic effect. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.23.

In the event that the court is inclined to award damages for non-surgical
scarring, Huationg highlights that Ms Kuppusamy’s mature age should decrease
the quantum of such award. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.24.

68 I will deal first with Huationg’s preliminary objection on the lack of
pleading as Ms Kuppusamy only surfaced this particular claim in her Closing
Submissions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2.2.3.

Notwithstanding, I observe that Ms Kuppusamy had expressly stated in her
Statement of Claim that her injuries include an "[i]njury to the left
popliteal region requiring skin graft". The scars for which she claims damages
arose as a direct result of this skin graft.

69 In How Weng Fan and others v Sengkang Town Council and other appeals [2023]
SGCA 21 (“How Weng Fan”), the Court of Appeal explained at [19] that “only
material facts … supporting each element of a legal claim … must be pleaded”
[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics] (ie, the “Material
Facts Principle”). Notwithstanding, the court may permit a claim for which the
material facts supporting its elements were not pleaded “where there is no
irreparable prejudice caused to the other party in the trial that cannot be
compensated by costs or where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to
do so” (How Weng Fan at [20]).

70 Applying the Material Facts Principle, the Court of Appeal in How Weng Fan
held at [30(a)] that where a plaintiff does plead the material facts
underlying a claim in negligence but does not frame this specifically as a
claim in negligence, the court can find the defendant liable for negligence
unless there is clear evidence that the defendant will be unduly prejudiced.
In this case, I find that the material facts for this claim have been pleaded.
Further, in any event, I do not consider Huationg to be unduly prejudiced, as
the Parties’ dispute is centred on legal submissions, and not evidential
disagreements.

71 In Kenneth Quek (HC), the award was given at [27] in relation to scars
arising directly from the accident. Surgical scars arising from the amputation
stump were considered separately under the damages awarded for the amputation.
The issue of non-surgical scars, as a distinct head of claim, did not arise
there. The question thus arises here, as to whether an award should be given
for the scars arising from the SSG. Pertinently, the SSG (and consequently the
scars from it) would not have arisen but for the Accident. Huationg did not
dispute this but submitted that if they had known of such a claim, they could
have asked Ms Kuppusamy whether she did suffer from pain arising from having
such scars. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Minute Sheet of 17 July 2023 hearing at p 3.

However, the consideration of damages for scarring in Kenneth Quek (HC) at
[27] proceeded on an assessment of whether there was objectively an aesthetic
defect. This is in contrast to the court’s earlier consideration there at [15]
in relation to the plaintiff’s claim for continuing pain, which took into
account both subjective (ie, the plaintiff’s views on pain) and objective
evidence. In this case, I am satisfied that from the medical reports, there is
sufficient evidence of the nature of the scar, such that Huationg is not
unduly prejudiced from having this claim considered.

72 I will consequently award Ms Kuppusamy damages for the scars that she
received as a result of the SSG. In respect of quantum, I note that the
plaintiff in Kenneth Quek (CA) was 20 years’ old at the time of the accident
while Ms Kuppusamy was 48 years’ old. I also acknowledge that the scars she
suffered, on the back of her left knee and on her left thigh, are easily
concealed under common articles of clothing. This is similar to that of the
plaintiff in Kenneth Quek (CA), whose scars were on his right knee and right
shoulder. Notwithstanding, Ms Kuppusamy’s scars are substantially larger
compared to those of the plaintiff in Kenneth Quek (CA). As such, I award Ms
Kuppusamy S$7,000 for her non-surgical scars.

73 In summary, I award Ms Kuppusamy a total of S$76,500 in damages for PSL.

Loss of future earnings

74 Ms Kuppusamy also claims damages for LFE. As a preliminary matter, I note
that Huationg’s position on LFE is inconsistent. It submits on the one hand
that there should be an award of S$57,380 for LFE and no award for LEC as the
latter is included in the LFE calculations. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 1.4.

At the same time, Huationg also submits that there should be no award for LFE.
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3.14.

As Huationg has not provided submissions as to why the LFE award should be
$57,380 but has made submissions to justify why there should be no award of
LFE, I will examine its case on the basis of the latter.

75 In Mykytowych, Pamela Jane v V I P Hotel [2016] 4 SLR 829 (“Mykytowych”),
the Court of Appeal explained at [140] that an award of LFE is “a form of
special damages awarded for real assessable loss proved by evidence (see
Fairley v John Thompson (Design and Contracting Division) Ltd [1973] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 40 at 42)” [emphasis in original]. In assessing damages for LFE, the Court
of Appeal elaborated at [141] that:

… the court should award a global sum after taking into account all the
factors which are relevant to the particular case at hand, eg, the plaintiff’s
age, his skills, the nature of his disability, whether he is capable of
undertaking only one type of work or whether he is capable of undertaking
other types of work as well …

[references omitted]

76 In Singapore, the method for calculating LFE is the multiplier-multiplicand
approach, as affirmed in Kenneth Quek (CA) at [42]. This approach involves
determining the multiplier and the multiplicand, and multiplying the two
figures to calculate the present value of losses in earnings that Ms Kuppusamy
will suffer in the future.

Multiplicand

77 I will first assess what the multiplicand should be. Ms Kuppusamy submits
that the multiplicand should be calculated based on a monthly wage of S$2,350.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 19.

This figure is the median point of the salary range provided by Mr Riduan of a
SSO – ie, S$2,300 to S$2,400 per month (see [25] above). 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 32, lines 21–24.

Ms Kuppusamy expects that it will take her three to four months to find
gainful employment, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 55, line 18 to p 56, line 1.

from May to August 2023. Hence, the applicable multiplicand for this period
should be the full sum of S$2,350. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 20 and 22.

From September 2023 (inclusive) onwards, Ms Kuppusamy submits that she would
earn about RM1,200 (S$363.64) per month. On this basis, the applicable
multiplicand should be S$1,900 – ie, the difference between the monthly wage
of S$2,350 she would have earned and the S$363.64 she expects to earn, rounded
down. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 20.

78 Huationg submits that, first, the basis of the multiplicand should not be
S$2,350 as the range provided by Mr Riduan is not a reasonable estimate of Ms
Kuppusamy’s future earnings. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.4.1.

Second, the multiplicand from September 2023 onwards should be lower, on the
basis that Ms Kuppusamy is likely to earn a higher monthly salary of RM1,757
(S$532.42). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.4.2.

79 From the Parties’ submissions, two sub-issues arise:

(a) what quantum should form the basis of the assessment; and

(b) what amount should be deducted from the figure derived above to account
for mitigation of Ms Kuppusamy’s losses.

Basis of assessment

80 Ms Kuppusamy submits that the multiplicand should be based on a monthly
wage of S$2,350 (see [77] above). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 19.

Huationg submits that the multiplicand should be based only on her basic
salary of S$700, excluding allowances and overtime pay. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.4.1.

81 Ms Kuppusamy testified that if not for the Accident, she would have
continued working in Singapore and presently be a SSO. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 8.

Her evidence on this was not challenged.

82 As canvassed above, the evidence before me suggests that Ms Kuppusamy is
likely to have satisfied the requirements for the monthly allowances, which is
given to employees as part of a “package”. Additionally, the evidence also
shows that she would have worked overtime for about 72 hours per month and
have been promoted to SSO. Consequently, and consistent with my finding above
at [19]–[21] in relation to PTLE, I find it reasonable for the multiplicand to
account for the basic salary, allowances, and overtime pay that Ms Kuppusamy
would have earned if she remained at Eve3r. Notwithstanding, I refer to the
analysis at [33] above and reiterate that Ms Kuppusamy’s claim that her
monthly wage would have been S$2,350 per month is not justified. I also
observe that she did not claim that the multiplicand used to assess damages
for LFE should factor in annual increments in her basic salary. As such, I
will apply S$2,300 per month as the base for determining the applicable
multiplicand.

Mitigation of losses

83 Ms Kuppusamy stated that she is likely to find employment as a sales
assistant in three to four months (ie, she would be gainfully employed by
September 2023). In her written submissions, she claims that she would earn
RM1,200 per month as a sales assistant. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 20.

However, her oral evidence was that she expected to earn RM1,500 per month.
111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 26, lines 12–17.

In light of her testimony that this figure does not account for future
increases in salary, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 26, lines 18–22.

which would decrease the loss she suffers and the amount of damages Huationg
is liable for, I will take the higher figure of RM1,500 per month as the
monthly wage of a sales assistant in Malaysia.

84 Huationg submits that there should be no award of damages for LFE as Ms
Kuppusamy is capable of returning to her pre-Accident job as a security guard
in Singapore. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 3.1–3.14.

In support of its submission, Huationg relies on: (a) Ms Kuppusamy’s testimony
that she is capable of undertaking employment as a security guard, and had
hence applied for a job as a security guard in Malaysia; 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3.8 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 23, lines 6–10.

(b) the evidence of its prosthetic expert, Ms Gurusamy, that Ms Kuppusamy is
able to work as a security guard with the use of the “Mechanically Controlled
Prosthetic” (“MCP”) that Ms Gurusamy recommended; 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3.1, referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 136, lines 1–6.

(c) Mr Riduan’s testimony for the claim that Eve3r is willing to re-employ Ms
Kuppusamy; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 3.2–3.7.

and (d) the lack of evidence proving that she is unable to find work as a
security guard in Singapore. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 3.8–3.11.

85 In the event where the court is inclined to find that Ms Kuppusamy is
indeed unable to return to work as a security guard in Singapore, Huationg
submits that there is no evidence to support the proposition that she is
limited only to working as a sales assistant. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.4.2.

Huationg highlights that other persons in Malaysia with the same level of
education as Ms Kuppusamy earn about RM1,757 (S$532.42). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.14; 1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 3.4.2.

As there are other employment opportunities available, and given Ms
Kuppusamy’s level of education, the multiplicand should factor in a deduction
of RM1,757 (S$532.42). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.4.2.

86 First, I observe that Huationg has overstated Eve3r’s willingness to re-
employ Ms Kuppusamy. In his AEIC, Mr Riduan stated that he “would not hire [Ms
Kuppusamy] on behalf of [Eve3r] because [their] customers will not accept
someone with a physical disability and also because security work is
physically demanding.” 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Riduan’s AEIC at para 9.

During the hearing, Mr Riduan clarified that he would be willing to re-employ
Ms Kuppusamy if there were medical documents stating that she was fit to
fulfil the duties of a security guard and if Eve3r’s customers were
comfortable with her, despite her disability. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 29, line 18 to p 30, line 2.

Furthermore, Ms Kuppusamy would need to successfully pass the medical
examinations conducted by the Singapore Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) in order
to obtain a work permit that would allow her to work in Singapore. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 18, line 17–18.

Accordingly, there were several conditions that had to be satisfied before
Eve3r would consider re-employing Ms Kuppusamy, as opposed to an unqualified
willingness to re-employ her.

87 Huationg’s position is that Eve3r should have taken steps to determine
whether the requisite conditions for re-employing Ms Kuppusamy were satisfied.
However, this position is unfounded. It fails to recognise that Eve3r owes no
obligation to Ms Kuppusamy and is under no duty to check with their customers
if they would indeed have accepted someone who is an amputee as a Security
Officer. Hence, the fact that Eve3r did not make further checks does not
diminish Eve3r’s position, as set out by Mr Riduan, that they would hire Ms
Kuppusamy only if the requisite conditions are satisfied. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 29, line 18 to p 30, line 2.

Accordingly, the fact that Eve3r is conditionally willing to re-employ Ms
Kuppusamy does not justify denying her an award of damages for LFE.

88 While Mr Riduan’s statement was made on behalf of Eve3r as Ms Kuppusamy’s
former employer, I consider that the difficulties that Mr Riduan raised are
likely to also reflect the difficulties faced by other companies in Singapore
when considering whether to employ her as a security guard. Ms Kuppusamy will
likely face similar obstacles when applying to other companies in Singapore to
be a security guard. Huationg has not in its cross-examination of Mr Riduan or
Ms Kuppusamy suggested that this may not be so. Hence, in view of Mr Riduan’s
extensive evidence highlighting the difficulties of hiring a disabled person
as a “Security Officer”, I find that Ms Kuppusamy has, on balance,
sufficiently shown that it is not likely that she would be able to find work
as a security guard in Singapore, given her disabled condition.

89 Additionally, I observe that Ms Gurusamy had not considered that a security
guard has patrolling duties, sentry duties or guardhouse duties, and that a
certain level of fitness is needed to handle emergency situations when she
claimed that Ms Kuppusamy would be capable of returning to her job as a
security guard with use of the MCP. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 137 line 12 to p 138 line 12.

Ms Gurusamy also recognised that there are several limitations with the MCP in
relation to handling inclines, stairs and movement on flat ground. Therefore,
even if Ms Kuppusamy had been fitted with the MCP, she would have been limited
in her ability to perform the duties of a security guard.

90 Ms Kuppusamy testified that she is likely to obtain employment as a sales
assistant in Malaysia, with a salary of RM1,500 (S$454.55). For the reasons
above, I accept her evidence that this is her likely employment, and also
accept her oral evidence on the likely salary. I note, in any event, that the
1st Defendant submits, albeit in relation to PTLE, that the salary of a
security guard in Malaysia would also be RM1,500 (S$454.55). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 7.15.

Hence, I will deduct S$454.55 from the base monthly wage of S$2,300 to obtain
a multiplicand of S$1,845.45 per month, applicable from September 2023
onwards.

91 For completeness, I observe that although the average monthly wage of a
person working in Malaysia with the same education level as Ms Kuppusamy is
RM1,757 (S$532.42), as stated by the DOSM, there is no evidence that this
figure applies equally to persons of the same education level and disability
as her. As such, I find that it would be inappropriate to factor this figure
into the multiplicand on the facts of the present case.

Multiplier

92 The multiplier is “the mathematical tool used to calculate the lump-sum
present value of the stream of future periodic losses across … the remaining
working life … of the claimant”: Kenneth Quek (CA) at [42]. In Poh Huat Heng
Corp Pte Ltd and others v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin [2012] 3 SLR 1003
(“Hafizul”), the Court of Appeal noted at [48] that there are at least four
approaches that may be adopted in determining the multiplier: (a) referencing
the multiplier awarded in comparable cases (the “Precedent Approach”); (b)
applying a pure arithmetical discount to the expected period of future loss on
account of accelerated receipt and other vicissitudes of life (the “Arithmetic
Approach”); (c) adopting the multiplier set out in actuarial table(s) (the
“Actuarial Approach”); and (d) applying a formula fixed by legislation.

93 In relation to determining the multiplier, two issues arise:

(a) what the applicable number of years remaining in Ms Kuppusamy’s working
life is; and

(b) what approach should be adopted to determine the multiplier.

Number of working years remaining

94 Ms Kuppusamy submits that her remaining number of working years should be
calculated based on a retirement age of 63 years’ old. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

She relies on Mr Riduan’s oral evidence that the oldest Malaysian citizen
working at Eve3r as a “Security Officer” is 62 years old and that this
Security Officer’s work permit from the MOM had been extended until the age of
63. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

As Ms Kuppusamy is presently 54 years’ old, she calculates that she has nine
more working years and that the multiplier should be determined accordingly.

95 On the other hand, Huationg submits that the minimum retirement age in
Malaysia is 60 years’ old. Therefore, Ms Kuppusamy has a remaining working
life of five years and eight months as of the assessment of damages hearing.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.6.

This submission, and the evidence supporting it, was raised for the first
time, after the trial, in Huationg’s Reply Submissions. As such, Ms Kuppusamy
has not had the opportunity to cross-examine Huationg or any expert on this,
or adduce evidence in response. Accordingly, I do not allow Huationg’s
application to adduce such evidence after the trial, nor accept its
submission. For completeness, I observe that in any event, such evidence is
not germane to the issue at hand. 60 years’ old is the minimum retirement age,
prior to which a Malaysian employer may not retire an employee. Huationg has
not shown that there is a legislative bar precluding Ms Kuppusamy from
continuing to work beyond this minimum retirement age. Moreover, this minimum
retirement age applies to persons working in Malaysia and not Singapore, where
Ms Kuppusamy would have continued working but for the Accident.

96 I accept Ms Kuppusamy’s submission, based on Riduan’s evidence, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 41, lines 15–19.

that she could have worked as a security guard at Eve3r until the age of 63.
As she was born in February 1969, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 7.

she would turn 63 years’ old in February 2032. Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for
LFE for the period starting May 2023. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 22.

However, in light of the Parties’ submission for damages for PTLE to include
the loss of earnings for May 2023, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 20; 1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions
at para 7.1.1.

the relevant period for assessing LFE begins from June 2023. Ms Kuppusamy has
not submitted as to whether the remaining number of working years should be
calculated with reference to the end of the year she turns 63 years’ old (ie,
31 December 2032) or the date on which she turns 63 years’ old (ie, 4 February
2032). As damages for LFE constitute special damages, I will adopt a
conservative approach and find that the relevant period for determining the
multiplier ends on the date which Ms Kuppusamy turns 63 years’ old (ie, 4
February 2032). Consequently, eight years and eight months remain in Ms
Kuppusamy’s working life, including the three months she expects to spend
finding employment. The multiplier should hence be calculated on the basis of
8.67 years remaining.

Approach for assessing the multiplier

97 Referencing Hauw Soo Hoon et al, Actuarial Tables with Explanatory Notes
for use in Personal Injury and Death Claims (Academy Publishing, 2021)
(“Actuarial Tables”), Ms Kuppusamy submits that if the Actuarial Approach is
adopted, the multiplier should be 8.3. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

On the other hand, if the Arithmetic Approach is adopted, the multiplier
should be 7.97. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 23.

Huationg did not submit on which approach should be adopted, but did submit in
relation to FMEs that the multiplier should not be determined with reference
to the Actuarial Tables as this applies only to Singapore citizens.

98 In Pollmann, Christian Joachim v Ye Xianrong [2021] 5 SLR 1111
(“Pollmann”), the court held at [16]:

… [i]n the absence of authoritative actuarial tables for Singapore lives, and
in the absence of any formula fixed by legislation, the precedent approach and
the arithmetic approach are to be preferred in Singapore. These two approaches
are to be used independently, with the precedent approach used to cross-check
the result obtained by the arithmetic approach so as to ensure consistency
with past awards in like cases (Kenneth Quek at [54]).

99 Based on the Parties’ submissions, and the court’s holding in Pollmann, two
sub-issues arise in relation to the calculation of the multiplier:

(a) whether Ms Kuppusamy can rely on the Actuarial Tables; and

(b) if not, what the outcome of adopting the Arithmetic Approach is.

(1) Reliance on the Actuarial Tables

100 Ms Kuppusamy’s position is that the Actuarial Tables may be relied on if
the multiplier is adjusted to account for differences in life expectancy. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

According to the Actuarial Tables, the applicable multiplier based on a
working life ending at the age of 63 is 8.91. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

Ms Kuppusamy submits that this figure may be adjusted downwards by 6.87% to
obtain a multiplier of 8.3, in order to account for the difference between
life expectancy of women in Singapore (ie, 85.9 years) and that in Malaysia
(ie, 80 years). 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

101 Even if the court does not adopt the Actuarial Approach with reference to
the Actuarial Tables, Ms Kuppusamy submits that the multiplier derived from
the Actuarial Tables should not be totally excluded. The Personal Injury
(Claims Assessment) Review Committee (“PIRC”), using data from the Central
Intelligence Agency World Factbook on life expectancy, found that there was no
significant impact after applying the mortality rate in Bangladesh and China
compared to a Singaporean male aged 30 (multiplier of 24.1 and 23.7 versus
24.6 respectively). Ms Kuppusamy submits that on this basis, the multiplier
derived based on the Actuarial Tables can act as a “check-post” for the Court
in selecting the appropriate multiplier.

102 Huationg submits, albeit in relation to the multiplier for FME, that the
multipliers set out in the Actuarial Tables should not apply. In Hafizul, the
Court of Appeal at [53] rejected an adoption of the United Kingdom’s Ogden
Table in Singapore “because [the Ogden Tables] are based on projected
mortality rates in the UK”. Applying the same reasoning, Huationg’s position
is that the Actuarial Tables should not apply to foreign plaintiffs.

103 It is undisputed that the Actuarial Tables are based on data of the life
expectancy of Singapore residents and that Ms Kuppusamy is a Malaysian
citizen. In the Explanatory Notes to the Actuarial Tables, there is an
explicit caveat that the multipliers in the Actuarial Tables are based on the
mortality rates of Singapore residents, and hence the use of the tables may
not be suitable for non-Singapore residents such as migrant workers. In
addition, three significant elements are built into the Actuarial Tables: (a)
they are based on a yield curve that represents expected investment returns
for investments of different periods of time in Singapore; (b) it caters for
inflation by adopting the historical average price inflation in Singapore of
2%; (c) there is a built-in mortality improvement of 2.6% per annum for both
genders in Singapore, derived using a simple average of the mortality
improvement over the past ten years. Ms Kuppusamy has not submitted as to how
the multiplier derived from the Actuarial Tables can be adjusted to account
for the differences between these factors and that in Malaysia.

104 While the Preface to the Actuarial Tables mentions that the PIRC used data
from the Central Intelligence Agency World Factbook on life expectancy in
Bangladesh and China to arrive at equivalent multipliers for a Chinese and
Bangladeshi male, it does not state the methodology used to derive these
equivalent multipliers. Consequently, it is not clear if Ms Kuppusamy’s
approach of applying a discount to the multiplier derived from the Actuarial
Tables to reflect only differences in life expectancies is sufficiently
robust. This approach is also not substantiated with any submissions or
evidence. Moreover, as highlighted above, the Actuarial Tables contain three
significant elements that are peculiar to Singapore and Ms Kuppusamy has not
addressed how these elements are taken into account by her proposed discount.
In view of the above, I do not consider the multiplier set out in the
Actuarial Tables, with or without Ms Kuppusamy’s proposed adjustment for life
expectancy, to be directly applicable here. It is, at most, a reference point,
and even then, to be referred to with caution.

(2) Arithmetic Approach

105 In the alternative, Ms Kuppusamy submits that if the Actuarial Tables do
not apply because she is a migrant worker, the Arithmetic Approach using the
formula set out in Kenneth Quek (CA) at [72] should be adopted.

106 At the outset, I note that Ms Kuppusamy’s submission for the formula in
Kenneth Quek (CA) to apply, includes the discount rate applied therein. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 23.

In Kenneth Quek (CA), the Court of Appeal observed at [78] that “the implicit
rate of return for awards of damages in Singapore has been between 4% to 5%
per annum”. Notwithstanding, the court there applied a discount rate of 5.44%
because the relevant number of periods was 50 years. Despite this
significantly longer time period compared to the present case, I note that Ms
Kuppusamy did not submit for a lower discount rate. Huationg also did not make
any submissions in this regard. Accordingly, my analysis proceeds on the basis
of adopting a discount rate of 5.44%.

107 Applying a discount rate of 5.44% per annum on the basis of nine remaining
working years, Ms Kuppusamy submits that the multiplier should be 7.97.
However, I observe that this multiplier is calculated based on ten remaining
working years, not nine years as she submits. Based on her submission of nine
remaining working years, referencing the Annexure of Kenneth Quek (CA), the
multiplier sought by Ms Kuppusamy should be 7.35, and not 7.97. As such, I
will consider her submission with reference to a multiplier of 7.35.

108 Before giving my decision on this, I reiterate that the relevant time
period to apply to the formula set out in Kenneth Quek (CA) would be 8.67
years (ie, the remaining number of working years that Ms Kuppusamy has), as
opposed to nine years, as she submitted. I also make one additional
clarification. As recognised in Kenneth Quek (CA) at [43(b)], the multiplier
is undergirded by, amongst other things, “the receipt of compensation for the
future losses by the claimant as an immediate lump sum, which can almost
invariably be invested at a rate over and above that of inflation to make a
profit”. This lump sum payment is the aggregate of periodic, usually annual,
payments that may be paid out, hypothetically speaking, at the beginning or
the end of each period (eg, 1 January or 31 December). Depending on the
court’s decision as to whether each periodic payment should take place at the
beginning or the end of the period, the relevant formula differs. The effect
of the decision as to payment date is that, for example, the multiplier for
payments on 1 January is higher than that for payments on 31 December.

109 The table in the Annexure of Kenneth Quek (CA) sets out payments that
begin at Year 0 (ie, at the beginning of the period, when the award is granted
by the court; eg, 1 January). The present value of this first payment, as a
fraction of its nominal value, is 1.00 – ie, the first payment is not
discounted. This suggests that the formula applied there to calculate the
applicable multiplier connotes that the periodic payment takes place on 1
January:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Here, “n” refers to the number of periods (in years) while “r” refers to the
applicable discount rate.

110 In contrast, the High Court in Pollmann at [78] and Muhammad Adam bin
Muhammad Lee (suing by his litigation representatives Noraini bte Tabiin and
Nurul Ashikin bte Muhammad Lee) v Tay Jia Rong Sean [2022] 4 SLR 1045 at [197]
applied the following formula to the calculation of the multiplier:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Similarly, “n” refers to the number of periods (in years) while “r” refers to
the applicable discount rate. The effect of this formula is that the
“payments” are not treated as beginning at Year 0 (ie, when the award is
granted by the court). Instead, the first payment is treated as occurring at
the end of Year 0 (eg, on 31 December). As such, this first payment must also
be discounted according to the relevant discount rate, as reflected in the
differences between the applicable formula in Kenneth Quek (CA) and Pollmann.

111 On the facts of the present case, and Ms Kuppusamy’s submission for the
formula in Kenneth Quek (CA) to be used (see [105] above), I will assess the
damages for LFE on the basis of periodic “payments” at the beginning of the
relevant period. Applying the discount rate submitted by Ms Kuppusamy of 5.44%
and 8.67 years as the number of periods, the applicable multiplier is 7.14 (to
two decimal places):

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

112 For completeness, I observe that the applicability of the Precedent
Approach is limited to that of a “check” to ensure consistency with cases
involving similarly situated claimants (Kenneth Quek (CA) at [54]). The lack
of information about the real interest rates in Malaysia also affects the
reliability of using the Precedent Approach here. In Hafizul, the plaintiff
returned to Bangladesh (and was to invest his lump sum award in Bangladesh)
but no real interest rate information on Bangladesh was available. Having
observed this, the Court of Appeal in Kenneth Quek (CA) stated at [53] that
simply applying the multipliers used in past cases which involve local
claimants would be unsatisfactory where the claimant in the instant case is a
foreigner. In this case, Ms Kuppusamy is a Malaysian citizen who will be
living in Malaysia (and likely investing her lump sum award there), but no
information on real interest rates in Malaysia has been adduced by either
party.

113 Further, neither party surfaced any precedent which has used a multiplier
that could apply in respect of Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for LFE. I note that
Huationg highlights, in relation to the multiplier for FMEs, Toh Wai Sie and
another v Ranjendran s/o G Selamuthu [2012] SGHC 33 (“Toh Wai Sie”).
Huationg’s submission is that this case is not applicable and Ms Kuppusamy has
not relied on Toh Wai Sie in her submissions. Nevertheless, Toh Wai Sie
provides a reference point of an applicable multiplier, in the absence of
other precedents. There, the plaintiff had a remaining life expectancy of nine
years, similar to the number of years remaining of Ms Kuppusamy’s working
life. No discount was applied, and the multiplier used by the court was nine.

114 I next compare the multiplier derived from the Actuarial Tables (ie,
8.30), with that derived from the Arithmetic Approach (ie, 7.14), and the
multiplier used in Toh Wai Sie (ie, 9) per the Precedent Approach, for the
purposes of cross-checking. The common limitation with each of the approaches
is that the Parties have not adduced evidence of the real interest rates or
the yield curves in Malaysia for a proper comparison with that in Singapore.
Notwithstanding, the multiplier derived from the Arithmetic Approach, applying
the discount rate Ms Kuppusamy submits, does not deviate too excessively as to
be unduly inconsistent with past cases or the Actuarial Tables. Additionally,
comparing the multiplier to that which she submits (ie, after correcting for
the number of periods, see [107] above), the multiplier of 7.14 is not unfair
to Ms Kuppusamy on the facts of this case. I will hence adopt the multiplier
of 7.14 derived from the Arithmetic Approach.

Calculating damages for LFE

115 Before calculating the quantum of damages for LFE by multiplying the
multiplier by the multiplicand, I first address an oversight in Ms Kuppusamy’s
submissions on quantum. Applying the Arithmetic Approach as set out in Kenneth
Quek (CA), she claims that the quantum of damages for LFE should be S$191,116,
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 23.

based on the following:

Time Period| Multiplicand| Multiplier| Total  
---|---|---|---  
May to Aug 2023  
(ie, 4 months)| S$2,350| \- | S$2,350 x 4 months   
= S$9,400  
Sep 2023 to Retirement  
(ie, 9 years)| S$1,900| 7.97| S$1,900 x 12 months x 7.97 = S$181,716  
Total Quantum Claimed by Plaintiff| S$191,116  
  
116 It is evident from the table above that Ms Kuppusamy did not apply the
multiplier to the period from May to August 2023, during which she submits she
would be looking for employment. A multiplier incorporates an appropriate
discount rate to account for the present value of the total award. In other
words, no discount rate was applied to the damages claimed for the period from
May to August 2023. Furthermore, the effect of Ms Kuppusamy’s method of
calculation is that she would receive an award of damages comprising of
“payments” for a period of nine year and four months, and not nine years.

117 In light of my observations, I do not adopt Ms Kuppusamy’s method of
calculation. Instead, given that the assessment of damages took place in May
2023, and taking the period from June 2023 to February 2032 (months inclusive
– ie, 105 months), I derive the annual multiplicand as follows.

Time Period| Gross Multiplicand - Deduction for Mitigation| Net Multiplicand
(Month)| Net Multiplicand (Time Period)  
---|---|---|---  
Jun to Aug 2023  
(3 months)| S$2,300 – S$0| S$2,300| S2,300 x 3  
= S$6,900  
Sep 2023 to Feb 2032  
(102 months)| S$2,300 – S$454.55 | S$1,845.45| S$1,845.45 x 102   
= S$188.235.90  
Total Amount Payable| S$195,135.90  
Average Monthly Multiplicand| S$1,858.44  
Annual Multiplicand| S$1,858.44 x 12  
= S$22,301.28  
  
118 Multiplying the annual multiplicand of S$22,301.28 by the multiplier of
7.14, I award Ms Kuppusamy damages for LFE in the sum of S$159.231.14.

Loss of earning capacity

119 Ms Kuppusamy seeks damages for LEC 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

while Huationg submits that there should not be any such award. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at p 3 and para 4.6.

120 Three issues arise in relation to the Parties’ submissions on Ms
Kuppusamy’s claim for damages for LEC:

(a) whether Ms Kuppusamy can claim damages for both LEC and LFE;

(b) whether she should be entitled to damages for LEC; and

(c) if so, at what quantum.

Claims for both LEC and LFE

121 Ms Kuppusamy submits that it is settled law that damages for both LEC and
LFE can be awarded as they are both distinct and different heads of claims.
She relies on Mykytowych at [140].

122 Huationg submits that there should not be such an award. Instead, any
damages for LEC would be included in the damages for LFE. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at p 3.

The damages claimed for LEC and LFE arise out of the loss of earnings which Ms
Kuppusamy would have earned as a security guard in Singapore. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 4.1.

To award both LEC and LFE would amount to double recovery. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

1st Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 3.8.

Huationg relies on Chang Ah Lek and others v Lim Ah Koon [1998] 3 SLR(R) 551
(“Chang Ah Lek”) at [31].

123 I note that Chang Ah Lek did not specifically address the issue of whether
a claim for LEC can be made even if an award for LFE has been made. Indeed,
the Court of Appeal’s decision at [32] to award damages for LFE in place of
LEC, was based on its finding that the evidence before the court supported
damages for LFE, as opposed to LEC. Regardless, this specific issue was
considered by the Court of Appeal in Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian
[2010] 3 SLR 587 (“Samuel Chai”), Mykytowych and Lua Bee Kiang. These
decisions support Ms Kuppusamy’s position that LEC and LFE are distinct heads
of claim and that an award of damages for one head does not preclude an award
of the other.

124 In Mykytowych, the Court of Appeal explained the distinction between LEC
and LFE at [140]. There, the Court of Appeal explained that LEC and LFE are
distinct types of awards and that it is open to grant both types of awards:

…these two types of awards are meant to compensate for different kinds of
loss. An award for loss of future earning capacity is given as part of general
damages in order to compensate a plaintiff for the weakening of his
competitive position in the open labour market (see Smith v Manchester
Corporation [1974] 17 KIR 1 (“Smith”) at 8), whereas an award for loss of
future earnings is a form of special damages awarded for real assessable loss
proved by evidence (see Fairley v John Thompson (Design and Contracting
Division) Ltd [1973] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 40 at 42). Whether the court will: (a)
grant both types of awards; (b) grant an award for loss of future earning
capacity while refusing to grant an award for loss of future earnings; or (c)
vice versa is dependent on and determined by the evidence before the court
(see Chai Kang Wei at [21]).

125 The Court of Appeal elaborated at [141] on the approaches to assess the
quantum of damages for LFE and LEC. When determining the quantum of damages
for LEC, the court:

… must take a ‘rough and ready’ approach … and calculate the loss of earning
capacity ‘in the round’ … ultimately arriving at a figure that it considers
reasonable in the particular circumstances to compensate the particular
plaintiff for the disadvantage which he faces in the open employment market
due to his disabilities …

[references omitted]

126 Further, the Court of Appeal in Samuel Chai at [23] rejected the argument
that where a substantial award was made for LFE, only a nominal award for LEC
should be given:

In making this contention, the Appellant assumed that there was an inverse
relationship between the two heads of damages. No authority was cited in
support of this proposition. Given that we have pointed out earlier that the
two heads of damages are separate and distinct, it must also naturally mean
there is simply no remaining logical basis for such an argument to succeed.
The Appellant’s proposition of an inverse relationship seemed to assume that
there was an overlapping loss component in both heads of damages. However, the
Appellant failed to point out any overlapping compensatory factor to support a
proposition that such an inverse relationship existed.

127 It is clear from the Court of Appeal’s explanations in these cases, and in
Lua Bee Kiang, that a plaintiff can claim damages for both LFE and LEC, and
that a substantial award of damages for LFE does not bar an award for LEC.

Whether damages for LEC should be award and if so, in what amount

128 In Lua Bee Kiang, the Court of Appeal held at [50] that the question was
not whether the plaintiff was at risk of losing his post-accident job, but
whether he has been prevented from competing for his pre-accident job. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 16.

On the evidence, the court found that the plaintiff had been so prevented as
he could no longer work as a carpenter following the accident. Instead, he had
to work as a cleaner, for which he was paid less than as a carpenter.

129 In this case, Ms Kuppusamy worked as a security guard prior to the
Accident. She submits that, now as an amputee, she is unable to do security
work. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 24; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 19.

Further, she claims that she will not be able to find a job as a security
guard even with a prosthetic leg. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 17.

As such, the injury caused by the Accident has prevented her from competing in
the market for her pre-Accident job. Instead, she will have to undertake jobs
that would pay her less than she would have otherwise earned, such as being a
sales assistant. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 17.

130 In terms of the quantum of damages, Ms Kuppusamy seeks S$15,000 and
distinguishes her case from Lua Bee Kiang in terms of the respective
plaintiffs’ remaining number of working years. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

In Lua Bee Kiang, the court found that the plaintiff would work for another
six years, and the plaintiff was awarded S$5,000. In comparison, Ms Kuppusamy
submits that she would have been able to work in Singapore for another nine
years (ie, until the age of 63) and in Malaysia thereafter for another 12
years (ie, until the age of 75). 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

.

131 Huationg cites Chang Ah Lek and submits that Ms Kuppusamy should not be
entitled to damages for LEC. In Chang Ah Lek, the Court of Appeal held at [31]
that:

… [a] case for compensation for loss of earning capacity would arise only if
the respondent had been employed as an ironmonger, full time on a fixed
remuneration, by Hock Seng Engineering Works and Hock Seng Engineering Works
continued to employ him after the accident, notwithstanding his disability, as
an ironmonger or in some other capacity without any loss in his emoluments. In
this case if for some reason Hock Seng Engineering Works terminated the
respondent’s employment then he would be thrown on to the labour market and
his competitive edge to find employment as an ironmonger or indeed any labour
intensive work would be severely handicapped by his disability. In this case
it would be proper to compensate the respondent for loss of earning capacity
by looking at the weaknesses in the round and by taking note of the various
contingencies and doing the best one could to arrive at an assessment which
would do justice to the respondent (per Scarman LJ in Smith v Manchester
Corporation). But this is not the case here.

132 Here, Eve3r did not continue to employ Ms Kuppusamy after the Accident.
Huationg submits that Ms Kuppusamy is thus not entitled to damages for LEC.

133 Huationg also submits that the evidence barely supports Ms Kuppusamy’s
claim that she had lost her competitive position in the labour market as a
security guard. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 4.5.

Huationg repeats substantial portions of its submissions against an award of
LFE in support of this. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 4.5.

In particular, that: (a) Ms Kuppusamy testified that she was capable of
undertaking employment as a security guard; 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3.8 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 23, lines 6–10.

(b) she is able to return to work as a security guard with the use of the
prosthetic; 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3.1, referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 136, lines 1-6.

(c) Eve3r may be willing to re-employ her; 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 3.2–3.7.

and (d) she has not proven that she is unable to find work as a security guard
(see above at [84]). 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 3.8–3.11; 1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 4.5.

134 Further, Huationg’s position is that Ms Kuppusamy had overstated her
remaining number of working years. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 4.3.

As alluded to above, Huationg sought leave after the trial to adduce evidence
referencing Malaysian legislation and information published by the
International Labour Organisation. Huationg relies on this evidence to submit
that the minimum retirement age in Malaysia is 60 years’ old. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 4.4.

Hence, based on Ms Kuppusamy’s age as at the date of the hearing for the
assessment of damages (ie, 48 years’ old), her remaining working life is only
five years and eight months’ long. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 4.4.

135 In my view, Huationg misreads Chang Ah Lek. The plaintiff there was a
self-employed ironmonger who was subcontracted by larger organisations, such
as Hock Seng Engineering Works. The Court of Appeal found at [30] that there
was no direct evidence that the plaintiff could not obtain work as an
ironmonger on sub-contract from other engineering organisations, as a result
of his disability. The court then contrasted this at [31] with a hypothetical
situation where the plaintiff was a full-time employee of Hock Seng
Engineering Works. The court observed that if the plaintiff was an employee
who lost his employment with Hock Seng Engineering Works and was thrown into
the labour market, his competitive edge to find employment as an ironmonger
would be severely handicapped by his disability. In such a case, he would be
entitled to damages for LEC. Accordingly, a key consideration in Chang Ah Lek
for entitlement to LEC is the claimant’s competitiveness on the labour market
for the same work that he did prior to the accident.

136 This is consistent with the more recent Court of Appeal decisions in
Mykytowych and Lua Bee Kiang. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Lua Bee Kiang
stated specifically at [50] that the question is not whether a plaintiff is at
risk of losing his current, post-accident employment, but whether he has been
prevented from competing in the market for his pre-accident job. At the final
hearing for this matter, Huationg accepted this reading of Chang Ah Lek, but
further submitted that as a matter of evidence, the case for LEC has not been
met. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 17 July 2023 at p 4.

137 I find that in this case, there is evidence that Ms Kuppusamy has been
prevented from competing in the market for her pre-accident job as a security
guard in Singapore. While she is willing to, and considers herself able to,
take on such a job, this is not a view unconditionally shared by her former
employer. Mr Riduan testified on behalf of Eve3r that “Security Officers” need
to attend to and assist in emergency cases and incidents. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 7, line 24 to p 8 line 1.

Consequently, Mr Riduan expressed the view that it would be quite risky for
Eve3r’s customers to accept a Security Officer with Ms Kuppusamy’s disability.
163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 18, lines 8–11.

138 While Mr Riduan accepted that there was a possibility that Eve3r could
rehire Ms Kuppusamy if various conditions were met, he also explained that the
satisfaction of these conditions posed difficulties. First, Eve3r would need
to inquire into whether its customers are comfortable with being supplied with
a security guard suffering from a disability. Second, there are also concerns
over Ms Kuppusamy’s ability to successfully complete MOM’s medical
examinations to obtain a work permit for her to work in Singapore. The
consistency of Mr Riduan’s evidence is further supported by his testimony that
he does not have any experience applying to MOM for a work permit to employ a
potential “Security Officer” suffering from any handicap. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 18, lines 17–25.

In addition, Ms Kuppusamy had also applied unsuccessfully for a job a security
guard job in Malaysia. While this was only one application, the rejection does
fortify the testimony of Mr Riduan about the difficulties with rehiring Ms
Kuppusamy as a security guard.

139 Consequently, applying the test as framed in Lua Bee Kiang, I find that it
is clear that Ms Kuppusamy has been prevented from competing for her pre-
accident job as a security guard. As such, I find that she is entitled to an
award of damages for LEC.

140 In terms of the quantum, I observe that Ms Kuppusamy has not proven that
she would be able to work in Malaysia until the age of 75. As for Huationg’s
submission on the minimum retirement age of 60 years old in Malaysia, I
reiterate my observations above (at [95]) that there is nothing precluding Ms
Kuppusamy from working beyond the age of 60 and that this retirement age
applies to persons working in Malaysia, not Singapore. As Ms Kuppusamy had
been working in Singapore as a security guard at the time of the Accident, in
my view, the assessment of damages should account for her disadvantage on the
open employment market in both Malaysia and Singapore, where she was likely to
have continued working as a security guard if not for the Accident. Given that
Eve3r has an employee who has been renewed for employment until the age of 63
and Singapore’s minimum retirement age, I award Ms Kuppusamy damages for LEC
up to the age of 63. In this case, the award for LEC takes into account a
working period of eight years and eight months (ie, from June 2023 to February
2032), as compared to the six working years in Lua Bee Kiang. In light of
these factors, I award her damages of S$7,500 for LEC.

Medical expenses

141 In relation to her MEs, Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for:

(a) MEs incurred in Singapore;

(b) MEs incurred in Malaysia, excluding the price of the MPCP that Ms
Kuppusamy is fitted with by Mr Prasad; and

(c) the cost of the MPCP Ms Kuppusamy is fitted with.

142 The Parties agree that the quantum of damages for MEs incurred in
Singapore is the revised amount of S$29,842.69. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.2 referencing Transcript (10 May
2023) at p 43, lines 21–22; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 32.

The remaining issues to be determined in relation to the damages for the
claims above are:

(a) what the MEs incurred in Malaysia amounted to;

(i) this includes the sub-issue of whether the claim for Ms Kuppusamy’s first
prosthetic leg should be allowed; and

(b) whether it was reasonable for her to be fitted with the MPCP.

MEs incurred in Malaysia

143 Ms Kuppusamy initially sought RM29,568.70 (S$8,960.21) in damages for MEs
incurred in Malaysia. However, after Huationg highlighted a double counting of
the same transaction amounting to RM1,557, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.3 referencing Agreed Core Bundle
at pp 53, 131, and 132.

Ms Kuppusamy adjusted her claim of damages for the MEs she incurred in
Malaysia (excluding the expense for the MPCP) to RM28,011.70 (S$8,488.39). 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 33.

First prosthetic leg

144 Ms Kuppusamy’s above claim for MEs incurred in Malaysia includes the cost
of her first prosthetic limb, amounting to RM26,477.90 (S$8,023.61). 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.5; Plaintiff’s Bundle of
Documents (Quantum) dated 1 February 2023 at pp 53–54, line items 15–26, 28,
31, and 37.

Huationg claims that Ms Kuppusamy did not use this first prosthetic limb and
obtained this prosthetic independent of a doctor’s recommendation. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.5.

Hence, she should only be entitled to damages for MEs incurred in Malaysia
amounting to RM1,533. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 7.3.

Whether Ms Kuppusamy used the first prosthetic limb

145 Ms Kuppusamy disagrees with Huationg’s claim that she did not use the
first prosthetic. She submits that she used it for more than a year, albeit
with the aid of a walking stick. This was also her oral testimony. Notably,
counsel for Huationg did not question her on whether she used the first
prosthetic limb. Instead, she was asked whether the first prosthetic limb
“help[ed]” her. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 21, lines 10–18.

Counsel for Huationg put to Ms Kuppusamy that since it did not help her,
Huationg should not pay for the first prosthetic limb. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 21, lines 1–18.

As Huationg has provided no substantiation for its claim that Ms Kuppusamy did
not use the prosthetic, and in light of the latter’s evidence, I find that she
did use the first prosthetic.

Whether Ms Kuppusamy obtained the first prosthetic limb without a doctor’s
recommendation

146 Huationg also submits that Ms Kuppusamy obtained the first prosthetic limb
from Teh Lin Prosthetic & Orthopaedic Co Sdn Bhd (“Teh Lin Prosthetic”)
independently, without a doctor’s recommendation. Relying on a quotation dated
12 March 2018 (the “Quotation”), Huationg claims that Ms Kuppusamy obtained
this prosthetic on this date, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Agreed Core Bundle at p 120.

as opposed to in or around May 2018, as stated in her AEIC. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Plaintiff AEIC at para 9.

If so, Ms Kuppusamy would have obtained her first prosthetic limb before she
consulted Dr Amitabha Lahiri Amitabha (“Dr Lahiri”), a doctor at NUH who had
treated Ms Kuppusamy soon after the Accident. Dr Lahiri assessed Ms Kuppusamy
on 19 April 2018, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Amitabha Lahiri’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 18 January 2023
(“Lahiri’s AEIC”) at para 2.

and provided a “Specialist Medical Report” dated 3 May 2018 detailing the
findings of the assessment she performed on the former date. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Lahiri’s AEIC at para 2, and pp 4–5.

As such, Huationg should not be liable for the cost of the first prosthetic
limb.

147 Huationg’s claim that Ms Kuppusamy had obtained the first prosthetic limb
without a doctor’s recommendation is premised on the date of the Quotation
(ie, 12 March 2018). However, being a quotation, it is not clear from this
document alone whether Ms Kuppusamy obtained her first prosthetic leg on this
date, as suggested by Huationg, or at a later date, per the former’s AEIC.
This issue was not put to Ms Kuppusamy during the hearing. Additionally, her
testimony that she had obtained the first prosthetic limb in May 2018 was
consistent throughout the trial. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 21, lines 1–3, p 42, line 23 to p 43, line 3.

In other words, there is no other evidence that clearly contradicts the
evidence in Ms Kuppusamy AEIC that she obtained the first prosthetic limb in
May 2018.

148 I will hence allow Ms Kuppusamy’s claim of damages for MEs incurred in
Malaysia amounting to RM28,011.70 (S$8,488.39), which includes the cost of her
first prosthetic leg at RM26,477.90 (S$8,023.61).

Reasonableness of MPCP prosthetic

149 The next issue relates to whether it was reasonable for Ms Kuppusamy to be
fitted with the MPCP such that Huationg should be liable for damages incurred
from the cost of this prosthetic. As stated above (at [7]), Ms Kuppusamy’s
prosthetic expert, Mr Prasad, recommended and fitted her with the MPCP. In
contrast, Huationg’s prosthetic expert, Ms Gurusamy, recommended the MCP.

Assessment of Prosthetic Experts’ recommendations

150 Generally, different types of prosthetics exist to support different
intensities of activity, which range from levels K0 to K4. K4 prosthetics
support the highest intensity of activity. Both experts agreed that Ms
Kuppusamy needed a prosthetic that supports activity at K2 to K3 levels, to
walk and climb stairs, but not run with them.

151 Mr Prasad testified that the MPCP would generally allow patients to
recover 80–85% of their former functionality. In making his recommendation, Mr
Prasad took into account factors such as Ms Kuppusamy’s age, the need to avoid
falls as she gets older, the need for her to go back to work in places such as
shopping malls, and that she is not married and thus may have to live alone.
Mr Prasad’s view was that the MCP would not be as effective as the MPCP.
Amongst other things, recipients of the MCP would have to walk on their toes
to go down slopes and lift their thighs higher to go up stairs. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 103, line 21 to p 104, line 2.

152 Ms Gurusamy considered it reasonable for Mr Prasad to recommend the MPCP.
When drafting her report, Ms Gurusamy had sight of Mr Prasad’s report and
recommendation. During the hearing, she agreed with Mr Prasad that the MCP
would be more effective for someone with K3 to K4 level of activity, and less
effective to support K2 to K3 levels of activity – ie, Ms Kuppusamy’s
categorised levels of activity. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 133, line 19 to p 134, line 21.

She also agreed that the MPCP was more effective for handling inclines and
stairs, and even for movement on flat ground. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 129, lines 19–21, and p 131, line 21 to p 132,
line 4.

Ms Gurusamy also testified that with the MCP, there would be a need to go to a
doctor for adjustment in various situations, such as when the height of the
recipient’s shoe changes. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 134, line 22 to p 135, line 2.

153 As Ms Kuppusamy had already committed to and made payment for the MPCP by
the time Ms Gurusamy’s report came out, Ms Gurusamy said that in these
circumstances, Ms Kuppusamy should continue using MPCP. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 118, lines 12–22.

Further, she stated that once Ms Kuppusamy was comfortable with the MPCP, it
was reasonable not to expect the latter to change from the MPCP to the MCP.
183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 113, line 17 to p 114, line 13.

154 Although Ms Gurusamy recommended the MCP in her report, it is notable that
when asked by counsel for Huationg if she considered the MCP to be a fair and
reasonable recommendation, her response was that if cost was not a
consideration, the MPCP is actually reasonable for Ms Kuppusamy, as it mimics
natural walking and was more effective. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 136, line 23 to p 137, line 3.

Parties’ submissions

155 Despite its prosthetic expert’s testimony, Huationg maintains that the use
of the MPCP and the cost incurred for it was not reasonable. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 8.7–8.13; 1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 7.4.

In particular, it relies on Mr Prasad’s testimony that he did not undertake an
assessment of Ms Kuppusamy’s financial means when recommending the MPCP. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.7 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 107, lines 4–6.

Huationg also submits, albeit in relation to FMEs, that Mr Prasad had failed
to consider alternative prosthetics, including prosthetics that were more
commonly used and/or those subsidised by the Malaysian government. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 6.5.

Additionally, Huationg highlights that the MPCP is deficient to the MCP in
that the latter allows for running and would better facilitate Ms Kuppusamy’s
ability to return to her role as a security guard. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 8.10–8.11.

In relation to Ms Gurusamy’s evidence in court, Huationg submits that this
should be understood as evidence given in the context that cost is not an
issue, when in fact, the cost of the prosthetic limb cannot be disregarded
completely 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 6.6.

156 In response, Ms Kuppusamy submits that whether the recommendation and use
of the MPCP is reasonable is not dependent on a financial assessment of her
means. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 37.

She asserts that Huationg’s position runs counter to the principle of
compensation to reinstate the victim to a state of affairs as if the tort had
not occurred, or as close to such state as possible. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 37.

In addition, there is no basis for Huationg’s submission that Mr Prasad did
not consider other alternatives or government subsidies in selecting the MPCP,
since even Ms Gurusamy agreed that the MPCP is suitable for her. Finally, Ms
Kuppusamy highlights, albeit in relation to her claim for FMEs, that Huationg
has not led evidence that she was eligible for subsidised medical care in
Malaysia. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 28.

Decision

157 A claimant’s impecuniosity and financial means, or lack thereof, should
not be a consideration as to whether the cost incurred by the claimant as a
result of the accident caused by the tortfeasor, is reasonable. The effect of
Huationg’s submission is that a claimant who is impecunious would only be
entitled to cheaper compensatory remedies, simply because of their relative
financial means. This cannot be right. It cannot lie in the mouth of the
tortfeasor to deny the claimant of the costs of a remedy which was made
necessary only by the tortfeasor’s actions. This is consistent with the
compensation principle as set out by the Court of Appeal in ACES System
Development Pte Ltd v Yenty Lily (trading as Access International Services)
[2013] 4 SLR 1317 at [14] (affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Noor Azlin bte
Abdul Rahman and another v Changi General Hospital Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 689 at
[58]), citing Lord Blackburn’s dicta in Livingstone v The Rawyards Coal
Company (1880) 5 App Cas 25 at 39 that compensation should “put the party who
has been injured, or who has suffered, in the same position as he would have
been in if he had not sustained the wrong”.

158 It is thus clear that it is not a claimant’s financial means that
determines the remedy which the claimant should receive. Instead, the remedy,
and the award for the cost of that remedy, should be one which puts the
claimant in a position as close to if the tort did not occur. Huationg submits
that even this principle is subject to the test of reasonableness, citing
Pollmann at [150]. However, what Vinodh Coomaraswamy J observed there was that
the defendant in that case made a submission that the principle of
compensation (set out above) is subject to a test of reasonableness.
Coomaraswamy J then explained at [151] that the requirement of reasonableness
is not a qualification of the general principle of restitutio in integrum and
that the “requirement of reasonableness is simply an aspect of the plaintiff’s
so-called “duty” to mitigate his loss: a plaintiff will not be able to recover
any loss which he has incurred by acting unreasonably after suffering the
tort”. Applying this principle to the facts of this case, there is no
suggestion that Ms Kuppusamy was acting unreasonably in approaching Mr Prasad
and relying on his recommendation. Indeed, Huationg’s submission is that Mr
Prasad in making his recommendation should have taken into account Ms
Kuppusamy’s impecuniosity, but as seen from above, there is no legal
foundation for such a submission.

159 It is useful to see how this compensatory principle was applied by Tay
Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in Kenneth Quek (HC). There, the plaintiff’s
activity level was assessed to be at a K3 level. Hence, Tay J (as he then was)
held that the plaintiff was only entitled to a K3 prosthesis, as opposed to a
K4 level prosthesis that the plaintiff claimed for. There is no suggestion
here that the MPCP is for an activity level beyond what Ms Kuppusamy needs. In
Pollmann, Coomaraswamy J found that an award for employing a caregiver, as
opposed to a private nurse, would have been reasonable as the former is less
expensive while still capable of satisfying the plaintiff’s needs with more or
less the same effectiveness. In this case, Huationg has not adduced evidence
of an alternative prosthesis that satisfies Ms Kuppusamy’s needs with more or
less the same effectiveness. Even Huationg’s own prosthetic expert, Ms
Gurusamy, testified to the limitation of the MCP that she recommended.

160 As such, I find that Ms Kuppusamy’s financial means relative to the cost
of the MPCP is not a relevant factor as to whether the use of the MPCP is
reasonable. Instead, the focus of the inquiry is whether the MPCP would put
her in a position as close to that if the Accident did not occur.

161 For the same reason, Ms Gurusamy’s recommendation for Ms Kuppusamy to have
been fitted with the MCP does not undermine her testimony that if cost was not
a consideration, the MPCP is actually a reasonable option for Ms Kuppusamy. In
any event, Ms Gurusamy’s evidence as to the relative limitations of the MCP
and that it is less effective than the MPCP for Ms Kuppusamy’s categorised
activity level of K2 to K3, were not made in the context of cost
considerations. These limitations also undermine Huationg’s submission that
the MCP would better facilitate Ms Kuppusamy’s return to work as a security
guard.

162 In relation to FMEs, Huationg submits that Mr Prasad should have
considered other alternative prosthetics, including those subsidised by
government and those commonly used. As this submission is relevant to the
present issue, I will deal with this submission here. I find that this
submission is not supported by any evidence of such alternatives, other than
the MCP.

163 Considering and comparing the experts’ assessment of the MPCP and the MCP,
I find Ms Kuppusamy’s use of the MPCP is reasonable, as were the MEs incurred
for the MPCP. This is in view of Mr Prasad’s cogent explanations as to why he
recommended and fitted Ms Kuppusamy with the MPCP, and the views of Huationg’s
own prosthetic expert that the use of the MPCP is reasonable and more suitable
for Ms Kuppusamy’s level of activity compared to the MCP. I will hence allow
Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for MEs for the MPCP (ie, her second prosthetic limb) in
the amount claimed of RM250,650 (S$75,954.55).

164 In totality, I grant Ms Kuppusamy damages for MEs totalling S$114,285.63,
according to the following breakdown:

Medical Expenses| Quantum  
---|---  
MEs incurred in Singapore| S$29,842.69  
MEs incurred in Malaysia| MEs (Including first prosthetic limb, excluding the
MPCP)| S$8,488.39 (RM28,011.70)  
MPCP | S$75,954.55 (RM250,650)  
Total| S$114,285.63  
  
Future medical expenses

165 I next assess Ms Kuppusamy’s claim of damages for FMEs. Specifically, she
claims FMEs for the cost of:

(a) replacements of her prosthetic limb;

(b) total replacement of her right knee;

(c) analgesics; and

(d) physiotherapy.

Replacements of Ms Kuppusamy’s prosthetic limb

166 In relation to Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for damages arising from future
replacement of her prosthetic limb, two issues arise:

(a) whether it is reasonable for the replacement prosthetics to be the MPCP,
as opposed to the MCP; and

(b) following from this, the cost of the future replacements for which damages
should be awarded.

Whether the replacement prosthetics should be the MPCP or the MCP

167 As stated above (at [149]), Mr Prasad recommended and fitted Ms Kuppusamy
with the MPCP while Ms Gurusamy recommended the MCP. However, Ms Gurusamy
acknowledged that the MPCP was a reasonable recommendation for Ms Kuppusamy.

168 Mr Prasad was of the view that Ms Kuppusamy would be able to continue
using the MPCP without difficulties even as she ages and her activity levels
decrease. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 76, lines 1–14.

Mr Prasad also considered but ultimately did not recommend using a prosthesis
that could support a lower level of activity, at K1 to K2 levels, after she
retires. He was of the view that ageing would not mean that Ms Kuppusamy would
be rendered wheelchair-bound. Instead, she would need to be active. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 76, lines 15–16.

Also, there would be adaptation problems from adjusting to a lower model,
especially when she is older. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 77, line 3 to p 78, line 3.

169 As Ms Kuppusamy had already committed to and made payment for the MPCP by
the time Ms Gurusamy’s report came out, Ms Gurusamy said that in the
circumstances, Ms Kuppusamy should continue using MPCP. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 117, line 19 to p 118 lines 4 and 12–22.

She stated that once Ms Kuppusamy was comfortable with the MPCP, it was
reasonable not to expect her to change from the MPCP to the MCP. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 113, line 17 to p 114, line 13.

Ms Gurusamy further testified that if financial considerations were not
accounted for, Ms Kuppusamy could continue using the MPCP. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 118, line 17 to p 119, line 4.

170 Huationg submits that Ms Kuppusamy’s future replacement prosthetics should
be the MCP, and not the MPCP. Huationg’s submissions on this mirror its
submissions on the reasonableness of the MPCP as set out above at [155].
Primarily, Huationg submits that the MPCP is more costly than other
alternatives; is unable to restore Ms Kuppusamy to her full function or allow
her to completely resume her duties as a security officer; 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 5.4–5.10, and 5.15.

and Mr Prasad failed to consider the applicability of any government subsidies
to Ms Kuppusamy, 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 5.9–5.10.

or other prosthetic alternatives. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.8 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 70, lines 7–23.

171 As highlighted above at [157], Ms Kuppusamy’s financial means and ability
to afford the MPCP is not a relevant factor that affects the reasonableness of
its use. In the same vein, it does not affect the reasonableness of the MPCP
for future replacement prosthetics. As such, the relatively higher price of
the MPCP compared to the MCP and Mr Prasad omitting to consider the
applicability of government subsidiaries to Ms Kuppusamy are not relevant
considerations. In any event, Huationg has not provided any evidence that Ms
Kuppusamy is eligible for government subsidies. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 28.

172 In addition, Huationg’s own prosthetic expert, Ms Gurusamy, testified that
the MPCP is “more efficient” for walking long distances and climbing stairs,
in comparison to the MCP which she recommended. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 129, lines 8–20.

She also agreed that the MPCP is “more effective” on flat ground. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 132, lines 1–4.

In other words, the MPCP would allow Ms Kuppusamy to recover a higher degree
of functionality than the MCP. Her evidence is consistent with Mr Prasad’s
testimony. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 73, lines 3–5.

Ms Gurusamy’s evidence also undermines Huationg’s submission that the MCP is
more effective than the MPCP in allowing Ms Kuppusamy to recover the
functionality that she might need for jobs, such as that of a security guard.

173 Finally, while Huationg submits that Mr Prasad failed to consider other
alternative prosthetics, it has not provided any evidence of what such
alternatives might be, other than the MCP, which I have dealt with above at
[162]. In any event, Huationg’s submission that Mr Prasad failed to consider
other alternative prosthetics is overstated. Mr Prasad testified that he did
not consider other brands of prosthetics. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 70, lines 13–14.

However, Mr Prasad agreed with Huationg’s counsel that Ottobock, the company
which produces the MPCP, has a wide range of prosthetics. He testified that he
did consider Ottobock’s alternative offerings but recommended the MPCP for its
greater stability as Ms Kuppusamy had been having difficulties walking with
her old protheses. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 70, lines 2–12.

He also testified that the MPCP was a better alternative compared to the more
commonly used prosthetic leg in Malaysia, in terms of functionality 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 66, line 17 to p 67 line 18.

and in terms of durability. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 68, lines 15–22.

174 In Kenneth Quek (CA), the court found at [84] that even if the activity
level of the plaintiff there decreased as he aged, it would be “unduly
onerous” for him to have to downgrade to a K2 prosthesis from a K3 prosthesis,
and adapt to the restricted range of activities permitted by the former. In
view of this and the evidence before me, I find that it is reasonable for Ms
Kuppusamy’s future replacement prostheses to be the MPCP.

Cost of future replacement prosthetics to be awarded

175 Both Prosthetic Experts factored in six replacements of Ms Kuppusamy’s
prosthetic limb into their calculations of the costs of future replacements.
Mr Prasad estimated that the FME incurred in replacing the MPCP would amount
to RM1,745,470 (S$528,930.30). 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Prasad’s AEIC at p 40; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30.

He then applied a rate of inflation of 10% per annum to estimate that the
replacements of the MPCP would amount to a total sum of RM2,127,309.41
(S$644,639.22). 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 85, lines 11–15.

Ms Gurusamy estimates that the cost of six replacements of the MCP is
RM1,145,500 (S$347,121.21), 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Kalaivani A/P Vedaiyan Gurusamy’s Supplemental Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief
dated 25 April 2023 (“Gurusamy’s Supplemental Affidavit”) at p 10; Transcript
(9 May 2023) at p 119, lines 5–15.

including a 10% increase in the price of prosthetic components. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Gurusamy’s Supplemental Affidavit at pp 8–10.

176 In their Closing Submissions, the Parties highlight that the estimates of
both Prosthetic Experts are wrong. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30; 1st Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at paras 5.3, 5.3.1, and 5.3.2.

This is because the Prosthetic Experts’ calculations were based on a period
beginning when Ms Kuppusamy was 48 years’ old despite her only obtaining her
existing MPCP at the age of 53. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30; 1st Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at para 5.3.1.

Given this delay, and the fact that the expenses incurred by her existing MPCP
has been claimed under the “Medical Expenses” head of claim, two sets of
prosthetic legs, inclusive of any ancillary costs, should be removed from the
computations. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30; 1st Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at para 5.3.2.

In other words, Ms Kuppusamy would only require four replacement prosthetics
(inclusive of serviceable parts) in the future. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30; 1st Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at para 5.3.2.

177 Ms Kuppusamy hence submits for damages in the sum of S$352,620.20
[(RM1,745,470 / 6) x 4] / 3.3) for four future replacements of the MPCP. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 26.

This figure is based on Mr Prasad’s estimated total cost of future MPCP
replacements excluding the 10% per annum inflation on the price of prosthetic
components. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30.

On the other hand, Huationg submits in its Closing Submissions that the cost
of four replacement MPCPs should be RM1,145,464.70 (S$347,110.52). 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.3.2.

This figure was derived by: (a) multiplying the unit price of each item set
out in Mr Prasad’s quotation by the number of changes needed for each item
over the course of 26 years; and, (b) including the 10% increase in the price
of prosthetic components alleged by the Prosthetic Experts.

178 Notwithstanding its submission as set out above, in its Closing and Reply
Submissions, Huationg also submits that the alleged 10% inflation in the price
of prosthetics is unsupported by any evidence beyond Mr Prasad’s testimony.
221

##### Foot Note 221

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.16; 1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 6.4.

Hence, Huationg submits in its Reply Submissions that the cost of four
replacements of the MPCP amounts to RM1,163,646.66 (S$352,620.20), 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 6.7.

as submitted by Ms Kuppusamy. Regardless, Huationg’s position is that Ms
Kuppusamy has not shown that it was reasonable to incur the cost of the MPCP.
Consequently, Huationg submits that the quantum of damages should be based on
the cost of the MCP. Further, it submits that the award of damages should only
contemplate the costs of four replacements of the MCP prosthetic, simpliciter
(ie, excluding, amongst other things, serviceable items), 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

See eg, Gurusamy’s Supplemental Affidavit at p 11.

at a total sum of RM494,360 (S$149,806.06). 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Minute Sheet of 17 July 2023 hearing at p 2.

179 In light of these submissions, two further sub-issues arise:

(a) whether the damages to be awarded for the cost of four future replacement
MPCPs should account for a 10% increase in the price of prosthetic components;
and

(b) whether the damages to be awarded should be the cost of four replacement
MPCPs or of four replacements of the MCP prosthetic, simpliciter.

(1) Whether the damages should account for a 10% increase in the price of
prosthetic components

180 As stated above, Mr Prasad’s estimate of the total cost of future
replacements was adjusted to account for a 10% per annum increase in the price
of prosthetic components. In providing her estimation of the cost of future
replacements of the MCP, Ms Gurusamy had initially applied a 5% rate of
inflation to account for increases in the price of prosthetic components. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Agreed Core Bundle at p 179.

However, she later stated that her initial projection was outdated and agreed
that based on the latest trends, the price of prosthetic components was
increasing at a rate of 10% per year. Consequently, she adjusted her
estimation of the cost of six future replacements to RM1,145,500
(S$347,121.21). 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Gurusamy’s Supplemental Affidavit at p 10.

181 Huationg submits that there is no documentary evidence to support the
Prosthetic Experts’ claim of such price inflation. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.16.

In particular, the alleged rate of inflation of 10% is significantly higher
than the core rate of inflation of 3.3%, and the rate of inflation of 0.7% in
the health sector, as reported by the DOSM. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 6.4.

Huationg submits that the claims of its own expert, Ms Gurusamy, are bare
assertions. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.16.

182 I agree with Huationg that neither Ms Gurusamy nor Mr Prasad provided any
documentary evidence to support the 10% per annum increase in the price of
prosthetic components. This is despite the fact that this was something that
could have been done. Mr Prasad said in court that he had an email that said
that from 1 January 2023, the cost of every prosthetic component had increased
by 10%. However, this email was not adduced. Moreover, even on Mr Prasad’s
oral testimony, the vendor for the MPCP had only said that there would be a
10% price increase from 1 January 2023, and not that there would be an
increase of 10% per annum. Ms Gurusamy stated that her preparedness to accept
the 10% increase in price as reported by the prosthetic manufacturer was based
on having done more research into the latest trends on increases in the price
of prosthetic components. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Gurusamy’s Supplemental Affidavit at pp 8–9.

However, she did not adduce any documentary evidence of such research or from
the manufacturer to substantiate her claim of a 10% per annum increase in
prosthetic component prices. Assessing the evidence in the round, I find that
the claim for inflation of 10% per annum to the price of prosthetic components
has not been made out.

(2) Whether the damages should comprise of the cost of just replacement
prosthetics, simpliciter

183 Huationg submits that the award should be RM494,360 (S$149,806.06) for
four replacement MCP prosthetics, simpliciter, only.

184 Ms Kuppusamy highlights that Huationg’s submission deviated substantially
from the recommendation and estimation of its own prosthetic expert, Ms
Gurusamy. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 27.

Regardless, Huationg attempts to justify its submission by claiming that Mr
Prasad would have been amenable to recommending Ms Kuppusamy the more commonly
used, and cheaper, prosthetic limb if Ms Kuppusamy had expressed concerns over
the cost of the MPCP’s. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 6.6 and 6.8.

185 However, critically, neither of the Prosthetic Experts testified that in
so far as future replacements are concerned, only the MPCP prosthetic,
simpliciter, would suffice. On the contrary, the estimates provided by the
Prosthetic Experts suggest that the prosthetic limbs, simpliciter, and other
ancillary services and/or components, such as serviceable items, will be
required by Ms Kuppusamy in the future. In any event, Huationg’s submission
misconstrues Mr Prasad’s evidence. Mr Prasad testified that if he was asked
for a recommendation within a given budget, he would have looked into the
price of alternatives and recommended something within the given budget. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 98, lines 12–20.

But Mr Prasad also testified to the limitations of the alternative
prosthetics, whether from Ottobock or those more commonly used. His
recommendation for Ms Kuppusamy, albeit without considering the question of
her financial means, was the MPCP. Thus, Mr Prasad’s willingness to recommend
a cheaper alternative prosthetic, when budgetary concerns are raised, cannot
be taken to mean that his position is that cheaper alternative prosthetics are
suitable replacements for Ms Kuppusamy.

186 Following from the above, I will allow Ms Kuppusamy’s claim of
S$352,620.20, being the cost of four replacement MPCPs, excluding the 10%
inflation per annum in the price of the prosthetic components.

Total replacement of Ms Kuppusamy’s right knee

187 Ms Kuppusamy also claims S$42,500 for a total replacement of her right
knee. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 32.

She relies on the evidence of Dr Muthukaruppan and Dr Bose that her right knee
would be subject to increased loading, 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 83, lines 20–25.

and submits that she would require a total knee replacement at least once in
her lifetime. As Ms Kuppusamy is not a Singapore citizen, she does not qualify
for subsidised medical care and hence the applicable cost of a total
replacement of her right knee would be that of a private patient. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 32.

Dr Muthukaruppan’s report sets out the cost of a total knee replacement for a
patient who is not entitled to subsidised healthcare, as between S$40,000 to
S$45,000. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Agreed Core Bundle at p 190.

Ms Kuppusamy submits for damages in a sum at the median point of this range.
238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 32.

188 Huationg submits that the claim for total knee replacement of the right
knee should be disallowed. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.18.

Although there was degeneration in Ms Kuppusamy’s right knee, there was
symmetrical degeneration in her left knee as well. Dr Muthukaruppan conceded
that he could think of no reason to explain the symmetry in degenerative
changes in the knees except for Ms Kuppusamy’s age. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.22; Transcript (10 May 2023) at
p 102, lines 15–25, and p 103, lines 1–2.

He agreed that there is an inverse correlation between a properly fitted
prosthetic and the increased loading in her right knee, 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 98, lines 12–17.

and admitted that he could not quantify the probability that Ms Kuppusamy will
need a total replacement of her right knee based on this correlation. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.24. [Note: The references to the
Transcript (10 May 2023) contained therein do not support Huationg’s
submission that Dr Muthukaruppan could not quantify the probability that Ms
Kuppusamy would require a total replacement of her right knee.]

Dr Bose opined that the probability of osteoarthritis arising from an
amputation is 16% for amputees compared to 11.7% for non-amputees, ie, an
increase of only 4.3%. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief filed on 2 May 2023 at p 276.

189 I find that Ms Kuppusamy has not shown on a balance of probabilities that
there is a need for the knee replacement as a result of the Accident. First,
both experts agreed that the arthritic changes observed in both knees are
likely age-related. Second, on Dr Bose’s unchallenged evidence, the
probability of osteoarthritis arising in an amputee is only 4.3% higher in
comparison with non-amputees. Third, Ms Kuppusamy’s own expert, Dr
Muthukaruppan, accepted that, at best, there was a 50% chance that a knee
replacement would be needed due to load bearing. Notwithstanding, Dr
Muthukaruppan also accepted that overloading on the right knee can be
corrected by proper use of a good prosthetic leg that is fitted well. With
this, aggravation of the osteoarthritic condition of Ms Kuppusamy’s knees
could be delayed. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Transcript (10 May 2023) at p 71, line 18 to p 72 line 10.

190 For completeness, I also observe that Ms Kuppusamy has also not shown why
the total knee replacement would have to take place in Singapore, such that
the cost of such replacement would amount to S$42,500. She is a Malaysian
citizen and, consequently, she would be charged much higher rates for a
replacement of her right knee. Further, she has not provided submissions or
evidence on the cost of such replacement in Malaysia.

191 I therefore reject Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for right knee replacement.

Analgesics

192 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages in the sum of RM2,400 (S$727.27) for FMEs on
analgesics at RM100 per month for two years. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 33.

Dr Kumar had made provisions for analgesics on a permanent basis at RM200 per
month for as long as her symptoms remains but commented in his clarification
report that the RM100 and two-year period quoted by Dr Singh is reasonable.
246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 33.

193 Huationg submits that there is no evidence that Ms Kuppusamy is consuming
analgesics at present and hence damages should not be awarded for this FME.
247

##### Foot Note 247

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 5.28; 1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 6.11.

However, the analgesics for which Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for are FMEs,
rather than current medical expenses. Furthermore, the experts of both parties
have made provisions for such an expense. I will therefore allow Ms
Kuppusamy’s claim for analgesics at S$727.27.

Physiotherapy

194 Finally, Ms Kuppusamy claims damages of S$727.27 for FMEs on 30 sessions
of physiotherapy at RM80 per session. Dr Singh has provided for these
sessions. Huationg agrees that this award is reasonable. I will allow Ms
Kuppusamy’s claim for physiotherapy at S$727.27.

195 In totality, I will hence award damages for FMEs in the sum of
S$354,074.74 according to the following breakdown:

Future Medical Expenses| Quantum  
---|---  
Four replacements of MPCP| S$352,620.20  
Analgesics | S$727.27  
Physiotherapy| S$727.27  
Total| S$354,074.74  
  
Transport expenses

196 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages totalling S$2,013.93 for TEs incurred to
attend medical appointments in Singapore and Malaysia: 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 38–40.

Transport Expenses| Quantum  
---|---  
TEs incurred for traveling to Singapore| S$120.00  
TEs incurred traveling within Malaysia| 37 trips for medical treatments,
including physiotherapy| S$333.33(RM1,100.00)  
Other trips for medical appointments| S$1,557.57  
Total| S$2,010.90  
  
197 Huationg submits that the total damages to be awarded for TEs should be
limited to RM2,600 (S$787.88).

TEs incurred for traveling to Singapore

198 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages in the sum of S$120 for the TEs incurred in
Singapore. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 37 and 38; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions at para 38.

Huationg submits that no award of damages should be granted as there is no
evidence that Ms Kuppusamy has actually incurred any TEs to seek medical
treatment in Singapore.

199 Ms Kuppusamy’s claim thus raises three sub-issues:

(a) the number of trips she made to Singapore for medical treatment;

(b) whether she incurred TEs for these trips; and

(c) the appropriate quantum for the TEs for each trip.

The number of trips Ms Kuppusamy made to Singapore for medical treatment

200 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for TEs incurred from six trips to Singapore
from Johor Bahru for medical treatment. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 38.

Huationg submits that there were only five trips as Ms Kuppusamy had attended
one appointment at TTSH and four appointments at NUH. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 8.17 and 8.20 referencing Agreed
Core Bundle at pp 68–75.

201 The evidence adduced by Ms Kuppusamy included invoices for one visit to
TTSH and five visits to NUH. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Agreed Core Bundle at pp 68–75. Note: There is one invoice showing Ms
Kuppusamy receiving treatment at TTSH on 11 October 2017, and five invoices
showing Ms Kuppusamy being admitted and/or receiving treatment at NUH on 23
September 2017; 19 October 2017; 26 October 2017; 23 November 2017; and 1
February 2018.

Accordingly, she would have attended six medical treatment sessions in
Singapore, not five. Transport would have to be undertaken to attend these six
sessions.

Whether Ms Kuppusamy incurred TEs for transport undertaken to Singapore

202 Huationg submits that there is no evidence that Ms Kuppusamy had actually
incurred any TEs to seek medical treatment in Singapore. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 8.2

Relying on her oral evidence, Huationg claims that Ms Kuppusamy had been
ferried to Singapore for medical treatment by her neighbours. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 8.2 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 30, line 13 to p 31, line 1.

Huationg cites Siew Pick Chiang v Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co Ltd
and another [2016] SGHC 266 (“Siew Pick Chiang”) and submits that the High
Court held that no damages, conservative or otherwise, should be granted in
the absence of evidence of transport expenses on the possibility that the
plaintiff there may have been fetched by her mother in a car to the
destinations. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 8.2.

203 I note that Huationg did not accurately portray Ms Kuppusamy’s oral
evidence. Her evidence was that “my neighbours are the ones who brought me,
they did not keep any receipts. … we had paid the money to come to Singapore.”
256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Transcript (9 May 2023) at p 30, line 24 to p 31, line 5.

Thus, her evidence was not that her neighbours ferried her to Singapore for
free. Instead, her evidence was that she paid her neighbours for transport to
Singapore, but she did not have receipts to prove that she so paid. Despite
the lack of receipts, I find no reason to reject her evidence or claim that
she paid her neighbours for transport to Singapore. That Ms Kuppusamy incurred
TEs distinguishes this case from Siew Pick Chiang, where the court found that
there was a possibility that the plaintiff there had been ferried by her
mother or siblings to the destinations. In any event, despite such
possibility, the court in Siew Pick Chiang nevertheless awarded the plaintiff
there some amount for TE, at S$300 per month, totalling S$6,600. Accordingly,
contrary to Huationg’s submission, Siew Pick Chiang does not stand for the
proposition that where there is a possibility that TEs were not actually
incurred by a claimant, no damages for TEs should be awarded at all.

204 In light of the above, I find that Ms Kuppusamy did incur TEs for
transport to Singapore for medical treatments on six occasions.

Appropriate quantum of TEs for each trip undertaken to Singapore

205 Ms Kuppusamy’s claim of S$120 is based on six trips to Singapore at a rate
of S$20 per round trip. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 37.

She relies on Tan Hun Boon v Rui Feng Travel Pte Ltd and another [2018] 3 SLR
244 (“Tan Hun Boon”). Pang Khang Chau JC (as he then was) held in Tan Hun Boon
at [146] that he was prepared to make a reasonable estimate in order to arrive
at an award for pre-trial transport expenses despite the lack of receipts and
lack of evidence concerning the mode of transport adopted by the plaintiff.
Notwithstanding, Pang JC cautioned that any such estimate should be a
conservative one. The rationale of this approach is “to avoid putting
plaintiffs who fail to produce receipts in a better position than plaintiffs
who conscientiously retain receipts and adduce them in evidence” (at [146]).
Referencing the award he had granted for FTEs of approximately S$30 per trip,
Pang JC (as he then was) adopted a conservative approach and found that S$20
per trip was a reasonable figure for pre-trial TEs (at [147]). 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 37.

Relying on this finding, Ms Kuppusamy claims S$20 per trip for TEs incurred
for traveling to Singapore. Ms Kuppusamy also highlights that while receiving
treatment at NUH, she was residing in Johor Bahru and needed to cross the
border into Singapore to receive medical treatment. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 38.

Consequently, she submits that S$20 per round trip is a reasonable rate. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 38.

206 Huationg similarly submits that if the court were inclined to grant an
award of damages under this sub-head, the cost of each trip should be S$20 per
trip. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.20.

207 Applying the approach in Tan Hun Boon, I am prepared to make a reasonable
estimate of the cost of Ms Kuppusamy’s trips to Singapore, despite her lack of
receipts. Considering that the court had granted S$20 per trip in Tan Hun Boon
for trips within Singapore, the fact that Ms Kuppusamy claims the same amount
despite the round trips being to and from Johor Bahru to Singapore, and
Huationg’s position on the cost of each trip, I will allow her claim for TEs
incurred for six medical appointments in Singapore at S$20 per round trip, for
a total of S$120.

TEs incurred in Malaysia for 37 trips to medical appointments

208 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages of RM1,100 (S$333.33) for TEs incurred by 37
trips for medical treatment in Malaysia. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 39; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
para 39.

She submits that she paid her cousin, who was also her neighbour, RM30 per
trip. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 39.

Huationg submits that no damages should be awarded.

209 There is evidence, in the form of invoices, that Ms Kuppusamy did attend
37 medical sessions in Malaysia. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Agreed Core Bundle at pp 76–143.

Transport would have been needed for these sessions. While Ms Kuppusamy could
not produce receipts, I find no reason to reject her evidence that she paid
her cousin for these trips. Notwithstanding, following Tan Hun Boon, I will
take a conservative approach, bearing in mind that Ms Kuppusamy has not
produced any receipt to support the quantum claimed. I will hence allow her
claims for 37 trips for medical treatment in Malaysia, at RM15 per trip, for a
total of RM555 (S$168.18).

TEs incurred in Malaysia for other medical appointments

210 Finally, Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for TEs incurred by attending other
medical appointments in Malaysia during the following dates/time periods: 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 40 referencing Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at para 40.

(a) 3 September 2021; (b) 23 February 2022; (c) 11 June 2022; (d) 12–14
October 2022; and (e) 21–22 February 2023. Ms Kuppusamy’s initial submissions
for the last two periods listed included claims for hotel room charges.
However, Ms Kuppusamy informed the court at the last hearing that she will not
be proceeding with these claims. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Minute Sheet for 17 July 2023 hearing at p 4.

I will hence present Ms Kuppusamy’s submissions below, excluding the relevant
sums for hotel room charges.

3 September 2021

211 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages of RM750 (S$227.27) for TEs incurred in
relation to her consultation with Mr Prasad on 3 September 2021. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40.

Huationg accepts that there is evidence that Ms Kuppusamy had consulted Mr
Prasad on 3 September 2021, but submits that an award of damages should be of
a conservative estimation given her lack of evidence as to the TEs she had
actually incurred. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 8.4.

212 It is undisputed that Ms Kuppusamy was traveling from Johor Bahru to Kuala
Lumpur for her sessions with Mr Prasad and would necessarily incur TEs for
these sessions. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.25 referencing Transcript (9 May
2023) at p 34, lines 10–16.

The figure of RM750 she claims is the same as that claimed for TEs incurred
for another medical appointment in Kuala Lumpur on 23 February 2022, for which
she has adduced a receipt. However, Ms Kuppusamy also claims TEs amounting to
S$100 (RM330) for another medical appointment in Kuala Lumpur on 11 June 2022,
270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40; Agreed Core Bundle at pp 57–58.

which Huationg agreed was reasonable. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.38.

In the absence of receipts to support her claim, and hence adopting a
conservative approach, I grant an award of damages of S$100 for TEs incurred
for the medical appointment on 3 September 2021.

23 February 2022

213 Ms Kuppusamy also claims damages of RM750 (S$227.27) for TEs incurred in
relation to her medical appointment on 23 February 2022. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 40 referencing Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at para 40; Agreed Core Bundle at pp 55–56.

In support of her claim, Ms Kuppusamy references an email from her solicitors
to Huationg’s solicitors, and the invoice attached therein, claiming damages
for a “wasted trip to KL for med-re”. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40 referencing Agreed Core Bundle at
pp 55–56.

Huationg submits that the 23 February 2022 appointment was with Ms Gurusamy,
but there is no evidence that Ms Kuppusamy had seen Ms Gurusamy on that date.
274

##### Foot Note 274

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 8.5 referencing Plaintiff’s AEIC at
para 18.

In support of this submission, Huationg relies on Ms Kuppusamy’s AEIC which
states that she had taken a trip to see Ms Gurusamy. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 18.b.iv.

214 Although there is indeed no evidence that Ms Kuppusamy had seen Ms
Gurusamy on 23 February 2022, this is an insufficient basis for disallowing
her claim. Huationg’s submission ignores the part of Ms Kuppusamy’s AEIC where
she states, in the same paragraph, that she had taken a trip to see Dr Singh
on 23 February 2022 and that this was a “wasted trip”. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at para 18.b.v.

Moreover, the invoice is evidence of TEs amounting to RM750 being incurred for
a medical appointment in KL on 23 February 2022.

215 Moreover, I note that Huationg had earlier submitted in its Closing
Submissions that this claim for TEs should be allowed. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.36.

There, Huationg took the position that Ms Kuppusamy’s claim of RM750 for TEs
incurred for her appointment with Dr Singh on 23 February 2023 was supported
by documentary evidence, 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.36.

referencing the same documents relied upon by her. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Agreed Core Bundle at p 56.

Further, Huationg’s position that no damages should be awarded was only raised
in its Reply Submissions. As such, its claim that the trip on 23 February 2022
was to see Ms Gurusamy was not clarified with Ms Kuppusamy, who did not have
the opportunity to respond during the hearing or in her written submissions.
Nor did Huationg put to her during cross-examination that she did not actually
incur TEs on this day.

216 In view of the above, I allow Ms Kuppusamy’s claim of RM750 (S$227.27) for
TEs incurred to attend her medical appointment(s) in Kuala Lumpur on 23
February 2023.

11 June 2022

217 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages of S$100 for TEs incurred to attend the
medical re-examination with Dr Singh on 11 June 2022. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40, referencing Agreed Core Bundle at
p 57.

Ms Kuppusamy agreed that this claim is reasonable. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.38; 1st Defendant’s Reply
Submissions at para 8.7.

As such, I will allow this claim for S$100.

12 to 14 October 2022

218 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for TEs amounting to RM1,500 for her trip to
and from Kuala Lumpur to attend her appointment with Mr Prasad. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40; Agreed Core Bundle at p 62.

Huationg agrees that Ms Kuppusamy is entitled to these damages. I will allow
Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for TEs in the amount of RM1,500 (S$454.55).

21 to 22 February 2023

219 Finally, Ms Kuppusamy claims damages of RM1,400 for TEs incurred in
relation to her medical appointments on 21 and 22 February 2023. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40, referencing Agreed Core Bundle at
pp 64–67.

Huationg agrees with this submission. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 8.9.

I will hence allow Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for RM1,400 (S$424.24).

220 In light of the above, I will allow damages amounting to S$1,306.06 for
TEs incurred for travel within Malaysia for other appointments:

Time Period| Travel Expenses  
---|---  
3 September 2021| S$100  
23 February 2022| RM750 (S$227.27)  
11 June 2022| S$100  
12 to 14 October 2022| RM1,500 (S$454.55)  
21 to 22 February 2023| RM1,400 (S$424.24)  
Total quantum of TEs incurred within Malaysia for other medical appointments
(S$)| S$1,306.06  
  
221 In summary, for Ms Kuppusamy’s claim for TEs, I grant an award of
S$1,594.24 according to the following breakdown:

Transport Expenses| Quantum  
---|---  
TEs incurred for traveling to Singapore| S$120.00  
TEs incurred traveling within Malaysia| 37 trips for medical treatments,
including physiotherapy| RM555 (S$168.18)  
Other trips for medical appointments| S$1,306.06  
Total Quantum of TEs Awarded| S$1,594.24  
  
Future Transport Expenses

222 Ms Kuppusamy claims damages for FTEs of S$1,181.82. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

This is comprised of two components:

(a) four round trips from Johor Bahru to Kuala Lumpur for future replacements
of the MPCP at RM750 per round trip, totalling RM3,000 (S$909.09). 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

This quantum is based on the cost of trips that Ms Kuppusamyhas made, as
evidenced by invoices; 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Agreed Core Bundle at p 56.

and

(b) the cost of 30 round trips for her 30 physiotherapy sessions at RM30 per
round trip, totalling RM900 (S$272.73). 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 31.

223 Huationg cites Tan Hun Boon at [146] and [147] for the proposition that a
reasonable amount for transport expenses is S$20 per round trip. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 6.12 referencing 1st Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at para 6.1.

As Ms Kuppusamy has to attend a total of 35 sessions, comprising of five
prosthetic replacement sessions and 30 physiotherapy sessions, the damages for
FTEs to be award should be S$700. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

1st Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 6.12 referencing 1st Defendant’s
Closing Submissions at para 6.1.

Before assessing the Parties’ submissions, I pause to note that the Parties
have agreed that Ms Kuppusamy will have to attend four prosthetic replacement
sessions, 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 30; 1st Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at para 5.3.2.

as opposed to five as submitted by Huationg, totalling 34 trips. Accordingly,
on Huationg’s submission, at S$20 per round trip, the award for FTEs should be
S$680.

Transport to Kuala Lumpur for replacements of prosthetic limb

224 I note that it is undisputed that Ms Kuppusamy will require four
replacements of her prosthetic (see [176] above), and that her prosthetist, Mr
Prasad, is based on Kuala Lumpur while she resides in Johor Bahru. The
evidence adduced by Ms Kuppusamy shows the cost of a round trip to Kuala
Lumpur to range between RM700 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Agreed Core Bundle at pp 64–65.

(S$212.12) to RM750 (S$227.27). 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Agreed Core Bundle at p 56.

The rate submitted by Huationg of S$20 per round trip is clearly insufficient,
on the evidence, to cover the cost of Ms Kuppusamy’s round trips. As explained
at [212] above, Ms Kuppusamy has also adduced evidence of incurring S$100 for
each round trip from Johor Bahru to Kuala Lumpur. I will hence award S$100 for
each of these round trips. Accordingly, I award Ms Kuppusamy damages totalling
S$400 for FTEs incurred from four prosthetic replacement sessions.

Transport within Johor Bahru for physiotherapy

225 In light of my grant of an award for the cost of Ms Kuppusamy’s 30
physiotherapy sessions, she will incur FTEs for transport within Johor Bahru
to attend these sessions. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 6.1.

Huationg submits that the award of FTEs should be based on S$20 per round
trip. On the other hand, Ms Kuppusamy’s submission is only for RM30 (S$9.09)
per round trip.

226 The court in Kenneth Quek (HC) granted an award of S$1,000 for FTEs
incurred from at least two visits to the hospital per year for a period of 18
years (at [75]). This works out to, on average, S$27.78 per round trip. In Tan
Hun Boon, the court at [147] also found that S$20 was reasonable per round
trip to the hospital. Notwithstanding, these awards were made in the context
of plaintiffs who were traveling within Singapore for their medical
appointments. As Ms Kuppusamy’s TEs would be incurred in Malaysia, as opposed
to Singapore, and in light of her submissions, I will adopt the figure she
claimed and hence award RM900 (S$272.73) for FTEs incurred from 30
physiotherapy sessions.

227 In summary, I grant Ms Kuppusamy damages for FTEs of a total of S$1,151.52
pursuant to the following breakdown:

Future Transport Expenses| No. of Sessions| Rate (S$)| Total (S$)  
---|---|---|---  
Replacement of prosthetic| 4| 100| 400  
Physiotherapy | 30| 9.09| 272.73  
Total | S$672.73  
  
Conclusion

228 In summary, I find that Huationg is liable to Ms Kuppusamy for an award of
damages amounting to S$838,224.52, pursuant to the following:

Head of Claims| Award (S$)  
---|---  
General Damages  
Pain, suffering, and loss of amenities | S$76,500.00  
Loss of earning capacity | S$7,500.00  
Future medical expenses | S$354,074.74  
Future transport expenses | S$672.73  
Special Damages  
Medical expenses | S$114,285.63  
Transport expenses| S$1,594.24  
Pre-trial loss of earnings | S$124,366.04  
Loss of future earnings| S$159,231.14  
Total| S$838,224.52  
  
229 The Parties informed me that they have come to an agreement on the issue
of interest payable on the damages awarded to Ms Kuppusamy. If the Parties are
unable to come to an agreement on the issue of costs, they are to file and
exchange written submissions on costs, within ten days from the date of this
judgment.

  

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court

Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar and Mark Ho En Tian (Central Chambers Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Gokulamurali s/o Haridas, Wong Hui Min and Cassandra Kang (Tito Isaac & Co
LLP) for the first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Aug 2023 (16:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

