Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 18

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9214 of 2021/01

Between

William Lim Tien Hou  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Ling Kok Hua  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Disposal of property]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Revision of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Tien Hou William

  
v

  

Ling Kok Hua

[2023] SGHC 18

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9214 of 2021/01  
Aedit Abdullah J  
27 May 2022

26 January 2023 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 This matter began as a disposal inquiry before the District Judge (“DJ”) who
ordered the return of a sum of $10,001 (the “Moneys”) to Mr Ling Kok Hua, the
respondent. Dissatisfied, Mr William Lim Tien Hou, the appellant, has lodged
an appeal against the decision of the DJ. Among other issues, this matter
raises the question of how the court is to adjudicate in a disposal inquiry
where there is more than one claimant who was in lawful possession of the
property in question. The present case is determined on the basis of the
provisions in the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), as amended up
to 2018. For ease of reference, this will be referred to here as “CPC 2018”.
The relevant provisions in CPC 2018 are similar in form to the latest
legislation, ie, the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed), following the
prescribed naming convention.

2 It is clearly established that there is no right of appeal in the context of
a disposal inquiry: Sofjan and another v Public Prosecutor [1968-1970] SLR(R)
782 at [14]; Thai Chong Pawnshop Pte Ltd and others v Vankrisappan s/o
Gopanaidu and others [1994] 2 SLR(R) 113 (“Thai Chong Pawnshop”) at [12]. The
only available recourse is to invoke the revisionary jurisdiction of the
court. As such, the present matter has come before this court incorrectly as
an appeal. Nonetheless, I consider it in the context of whether the court’s
revisionary powers should be exercised.

3 Having considered the arguments, I find that the Moneys should be returned
to the possessor at the point of the seizure, that being the appellant.

Background

4 On 10 November 2018, the respondent was duped into believing that he was
communicating with an ex-colleague on Facebook messenger when, in fact, he was
speaking with an unknown individual who had gained access to his ex-
colleague’s compromised Facebook account. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 138 (Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at paras
5 and 6).

The respondent agreed to assist the unknown individual with a bank transfer.
As part of the fraud, the unknown individual had the respondent install
Teamviewer, an application which allowed the former remote access to the
latter’s screen. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA at pp 138 to 139 (ASOF at paras 8 to 12).

5 The respondent was asked to make an initial transfer of $1 to an account
provided by the unknown individual. As it turned out, this was the appellant’s
bank account. While the respondent was preparing to make the said transfer,
the unknown individual asked him to provide a photograph of himself holding
his identity card and a note stating, “buying bitcoin from cryptotil on
localbitcoins.com 10/11/18”, as well as proof of his address. The respondent
complied. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA at pp 139 to 140 (ASOF at paras 13 to 15).

As he did so, the unknown individual, via Teamviewer, altered the sum to be
transferred from $1 to $10,000. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA at p 140 (ASOF at para 15).

This was only realised by the respondent after the transfer went through. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA at p 140 (ASOF at para 16)

The unknown individual then tried to have the respondent make a further
transfer of $1. Again, the unknown individual attempted to alter the sum of
$1, this time to $30,000. The respondent noticed this and corrected the sum
back to $1 before effecting the transfer of $1. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA at p 140 (ASOF at para 17).

Following these transfers, the respondent sought the return of $10,001 to no
avail. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA at p 141 (ASOF at paras 19 to 20).

6 The appellant was involved in bitcoin peer-to-peer trading on a platform
known as “localbitcoins.com”. On the platform, his username was “cryptotil”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA at p 141 (ASOF at para 23).

On 10 November 2018, he posted an advertisement on the platform advertising
the sale of bitcoin. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA at p 142 (ASOF at para 24).

A user on the platform known as “haylieelan”, whose real name was displayed as
“Ling Kok Hua”, responded to his advertisement. The appellant had the account
user “haylieelan” provide a picture of his identity card with a handwritten
note stating that he was purchasing bitcoin from “cryptotil”, ie, the note
prepared by the respondent at [5] above. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA at p 142 (ASOF at paras 25 and 26).

On compliance, the transfer was effected: the bitcoin was transferred to
“haylieelan” and the appellant received $10,000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA at p 142 (ASOF at para 27).

Later in the day, the appellant received an additional $1. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA at p 142 (ASOF at para 28).

7 Following the events on 10 November 2018, the respondent lodged a police
report. Investigations were commenced, and the Moneys, as held in the
appellant’s bank account, were frozen and seized. Both the appellant and
respondent lay claim to the Moneys. The DJ’s full grounds of decision are set
out at William Lim Tien Hou v Ling Kok Hua [2021] SGDC 237 (“GD”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP at p 119, Grounds of Decision.

Decision below

8 The DJ ordered the return of the Moneys to the respondent. The DJ found that
the Moneys represented criminal proceeds which were traceable directly to the
respondent’s account: [39].

9 The DJ outlined the principles governing a disposal inquiry. A disposal
inquiry is not conclusive as to title. It is instead an inexpensive and
expeditious manner of distributing items. Thus, a “rough and ready approach”
is applied to make an award to the party that has the better right to
possession: [24]. Orders made in a disposal inquiry also do not preclude
parties from commencing civil suit to assert their rights: [25]. To decide who
is entitled to possession of the items, the court must examine the facts of
the case. As part of the inquiry, a person is only entitled to possession of
seized property if he or she satisfies the precondition of being in lawful
possession of the seized property: Oon Heng Lye v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5
SLR 1064 (“Oon Heng Lye”) at [44]. Oon Heng Lye concerned an iteration of a
provision that has been re-enacted (albeit with some amendments) as ss 370 to
372 of CPC 2018, which governed the present disposal inquiry: [27].

10 On the facts, the respondent had lawful possession of the Moneys. The
Moneys originated from his bank account, and the transfer of the Moneys to the
appellant’s bank account was procured by fraud: [35]. As for the appellant, it
was undisputed that he had a legitimate trading contract with one
“haylieelan”: [36]. That said, he was involved in the trading of bitcoins,
which is largely unregulated and involves risks such as tainted funds being
used in transactions. While the appellant conducted due diligence checks, the
“cloak of criminality that followed the [Moneys] from [the respondent’s]
account to the [appellant’s account]” was not removed simply because he was
involved in a legitimate transaction with the account user “haylieelan”: [37].
The Moneys remained tainted by criminality.

11 Separately, the DJ observed that the challenge to the order made should not
have been by way of a criminal appeal as commenced by the appellant. It is
established that there is no right of appeal against orders made in disposal
inquiries: [21]. Instead, the order should be challenged by way of a petition
of revision, to have this court exercise its powers under s 401 of the CPC
2018: [22]. The DJ observed that, based on Magnum Finance Bhd v Public
Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 159 (“Magnum Finance”), this was a technical
irregularity that could be regularised by an exercise of the High Court’s
powers of revision.

The parties’ cases

The appellant’s case

12 The appellant seeks the following remedies in the alternative: for the
disposal order to be quashed; for the order to be reversed such that the
Moneys are awarded to the appellant; or for the order to be replaced with a
fair distribution of the Moneys where 50% or more is granted to the appellant.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s written submissions dated 7 May 2022 (“AWS”) at para 40.

Preliminarily, the appellant submits that he is willing to have the matter
heard as an appeal or a criminal revision. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at paras 5 to 7.

13 Apart from the arguments raised before the DJ, the appellant makes four
additional points. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AWS at para 15.

The first is that the Moneys should be treated as being akin to stolen moneys.
If so, the principle of nemo dat would be negated. He is an innocent recipient
of the Moneys and had lawful possession of and legitimate title to the Moneys.
Pertinently, the Moneys were received in exchange for valuable consideration
that he provided. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at paras 17 to 21.

14 The second is based in contract. There was a legitimate transaction between
him and “haylieelan”, pursuant to which legal ownership of the Moneys was
transferred. This distinguishes the present case from the cases cited to the
DJ, where the claimants could not demonstrate legal ownership. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at paras 22 to 24.

15 The third is that the DJ appeared to have regarded him as a constructive
trustee. Whether or not he was so is irrelevant as a constructive trust is an
equitable remedy. In any event, he was a bona fide purchaser who had no
knowledge that the Moneys were procured through fraud, and thus equity’s
darling. Returning the Moneys to the respondent would result in a serious
injustice given that he had done nothing wrong, and additionally, would have
implications for online commerce. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AWS at paras 25 to 26.

16 Finally, the DJ appeared to have relied on a series of cases regarding
pawnshop brokers, in particular, Thai Chong Pawnshop, on the premise that
bitcoin sellers should bear the same risks as pawnshop brokers. The appellant
contends that Thai Chong Pawnshop should be confined to its unique facts. In
the present case, there was a legitimate transaction to which he was party to,
and in which he had carried out due diligence when he was not required to. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AWS at paras 27 to 36.

The respondent’s case

17 The respondent raises the preliminary objection that the appellant should
have sought a criminal revision under s 401 of the CPC 2018 and has thus
failed to comply with the relevant procedural requirements. Additionally, the
remedies sought by the appellant are not provided for under s 401. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondent’s written submissions dated 11 May 2022 (“RWS”) at paras 4 to 13.

18 In the main, the respondent argues that no material or serious injustice
has been occasioned. The respondent disputes the appellant’s characterisation
of the DJ’s decision. In particular, the DJ did not find that the appellant
was a constructive trustee; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RWS at para 26.

the DJ also did not analogise the facts of Thai Chong Pawnshop with the
present case but had relied on that decision for a separate proposition. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RWS at paras 27 to 30.

The respondent also disagrees that the appellant’s framing of the issue. The
fact that the appellant obtained legal ownership by way of a legitimate
contract is irrelevant as that goes towards ownership, which is not the focus
of a disposal inquiry. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RWS at paras 31 to 35.

19 The respondent further argues that the DJ was correct to find that the
cloak of criminality followed the Moneys, notwithstanding the checks carried
out by the appellant. The DJ was right in finding that the appellant
appreciated the risks associated with the trade of cryptocurrency. Moreover,
the DJ’s decision is supported by Chen Xiuzhu v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGDC
34 (“Chen Xiuzhu”), which is analogous to the present case. The appellant thus
has no propriety interest in or claim to the Moneys. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RWS at paras 43 to 47.

The young amicus curiae’s opinion

20 A young amicus curiae, Mr Samuel Koh (“Mr Koh”), was appointed to give his
opinion on two questions framed by the court.

21 The first question concerns the application of the principles in Oon Heng
Lye that: (a) a person claiming seized property must show that the property
was “legally acquired by him” to be a “person entitled” to possession of the
seized property; and (b) whether or not a person in actual possession of
seized property should be regarded as being in lawful possession depends on
the circumstances. The second question, broadly, concerns how the court should
adjudicate between claims in a disposal inquiry where there is more than one
claimant who is or was in lawful possession of the seized property. Various
considerations such as whether the general principles of property law should
be applied and whether the nature of cryptocurrency should modify the approach
were highlighted for Mr Koh’s consideration.

22 On the first question, Mr Koh begins by proving a summary of the genesis of
the requirement in Oon Heng Lye that the person claiming the seized property
satisfies the precondition of being in lawful possession of the seized
property (“Lawful Possession Precondition”). The precondition was first laid
down in Oon Heng Lye by Sundaresh Menon CJ in his interpretation of the phrase
“entitled to the possession of the property” found in s 392(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”). This has since been
extended and applied in other decisions of the High Court. Carefully tracing
the various iterations of the provisions which have replaced s 392(1) of the
CPC 1985, Mr Koh argues that there is direct precedent to apply the Lawful
Possession Precondition to the present facts in so far as the court relies
generally on s 370(2) of the CPC 2018. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Young Amicus Curiae’s opinion (“YAC”) at paras 18 to 28.

23 In his view, however, an important preliminary issue pertains to whether
the Moneys are to be released pursuant to ss 370(2)(b) or 370(2)(e) of the CPC
2018. The DJ did not expressly refer to the provision relied on. In Mr Koh’s
opinion, s 370(2)(b), which governs disposal where the property is the subject
of or connected to criminal offences, is the relevant provision. Section
370(2)(e), in comparison, is a residuary provision that only applies in the
event that none of the provisions in ss 370(2)(a) to 370(2)(d) apply, and
requires the court to order delivery of the property to the person entitled to
possession of the property, or in the event that such a person cannot be
ascertained, an order relating to the custody and production of the property.
Given that s 370(2)(b) applies, it follows that s 370(2)(e) is inapplicable.
In respect of s 370(2)(b), Mr Koh suggests that there is no need for a charge
to have been brought in respect of the “offence”, or for the “offence” to have
been committed by any person who is on trial, or for a conviction to have been
obtained. On the facts, as summarised in the Agreed Statement of Facts, there
is sufficient evidence to suggest that the Moneys were proceeds of crime.
Moreover, both claimants in the present case were victims of fraud. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

YAC at paras 33 to 56.

24 The next issue is whether the Lawful Possession Precondition applies to ss
370(2)(b) and 370(2)(e) of the CPC 2018. With respect to s 370(2)(e), the
precondition clearly applies given that the provision is in pari materia with
s 392(1) of the CPC 1985. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

YAC at para 59.

As for s 370(2)(b) of the CPC 2018, Mr Koh argues that the precondition should
apply. This is for two reasons. First, s 370(2)(b) confers on the court the
power to “dispose” of property as it thinks fit. This is broader than the
power in s 370(2)(e), which provides the court with the power to order the
“delivery” of property. Further, in s 370 of the CPC 2018, the references to
“delivery” of property are accompanied by the requirement that the recipient
be “entitled to possession” of the property in question. Second, the rationale
underlying the Lawful Possession Precondition as applied to s 392(1) of the
CPC 1985 was the presence of provisions establishing a procedure for
circumstances where the person entitled to possession of the seized property
is unknown or cannot be found. Those provisions required that the person from
whom the property was seized show that the seized property was “legally
acquired by him” as a precondition to delivery. These requirements are
similarly present in the CPC 2018 and applicable to s 370(2)(b) of the CPC
2018. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

YAC at paras 60 to 75.

25 In the application of the Lawful Possession Precondition, the court should
bear in mind the objectives of a disposal inquiry. This informs the approach
of the court in the disposal inquiry. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

YAC at paras 79 to 99.

The applicable standard for the claimant to meet is that of a prima facie
standard. This was adopted by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 903 (“Mustafa Ahunbay”). In Mustafa Ahunbay, the Court
of Appeal held that persons claiming an interest in seized property (including
persons who were entitled to possession of the seized property) who seek to be
heard at the reporting or subsequent reporting of seizure under s 370 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (as in force in 2012) must prove their prima facie
interest (at [67]–[68]). Apart from Mustafa Ahunbay, there are good reasons
for the extension of the prima facie standard to s 370(2) of the CPC 2018,
such as the objective of a disposal inquiry being an inexpensive and
expeditious way of distributing items seized in the course of investigations.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

YAC at paras 100 to 120.

In applying the prima facie standard, as a matter of practice, the claimant
should adduce sufficient positive evidence to meet this standard. In
particular, the claimant should demonstrate its proprietary interest in the
seized property. This entails showing that the claimant had ownership and/or
possessory rights in the property. Ownership or title, while not necessary, is
relevant given that title and possession are related concepts, and often, the
right to possession arises from the fact of having title. The claimant should
also show that the interest was acquired by lawful means or from a legitimate
source. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

YAC at paras 124 to 131.

26 As for the second question concerning how the court is to adjudicate
between two or more claimants in lawful possession of the seized property, Mr
Koh reiterates that the court’s task is to identify the party entitled to
possession of a seized property, and not the rightful owner. To this end,
there should not be a presumption that the seized property should be returned
to the person last in possession prior to seizure. To determine who is
entitled to possession, regard may be had to issues of title or ownership to
the extent permissible by the evidence adduced. This is as the right to
possession often follows title in a property. Property law principles can and
should also be applied given the proximity of title and possession of
property. While doing so, the objectives of the disposal inquiry should be
kept in mind. This means that complex issues of fact and law on title and
property should not be decided in the disposal inquiry. Instead, the court
should exercise its judgment in a “rough and ready” fashion. Mr Koh also
opines that in so far as the party last in possession of the seized property
immediately prior to seizure was in lawful possession of the seized property,
and in the absence of anything to establish any better title, the property
should be delivered to the party last in possession prior to seizure. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

YAC at paras 133 to 134.

27 In relation to the specific considerations highlighted for Mr Koh’s
consideration, he opines firstly, that the nature of cryptocurrency should not
lead to any modification of the general principles applicable to the
adjudication of competing claims over seized property in a disposal inquiry.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

YAC at paras 142 to 145.

Notably, he also highlights that it is possible for the court to order the
seized property to be divided between competing claimants given the broad
language used in s 370(2)(b). However, Mr Koh is doubtful as to whether this
would be the appropriate order to make in relation to property that is the
subject of a scam, given that one of the contesting claimants would likely
remain dissatisfied and may commence a civil action, which would be a waste of
time and costs for the parties to the civil action. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

YAC at paras 146 to 153.

The issues

28 The central issue is whether the Moneys should be returned to the appellant
or the respondent. There are, however, two prior issues that require
clarification: the first pertains to the preliminary issue of the mode of
challenge to the DJ’s order; and the second pertains to the applicable
governing provision.

Mode of challenge to an order made pursuant to a disposal inquiry

29 As observed at [2] earlier, there is no right of appeal against an order
made in a disposal inquiry. The appropriate course of action for the appellant
is to petition for revision. The appellant, in turn, has indicated his
willingness for the matter to be heard either as a criminal appeal or as a
criminal revision. This is wholly erroneous. A petition for appeal and a
petition for revision are not interchangeable. As observed in Amarjeet Singh v
Public Prosecutor [2021] 4 SLR 841, “revisions fundamentally differ from
appeals”: [21]. It follows that there is no right of election. That said,
although the DJ’s order has been incorrectly challenged by the appellant, this
court is not foreclosed from considering whether to exercise its revisionary
jurisdiction. This was similarly the case in Magnum Finance where an appeal
was filed against an order made pursuant to a disposal inquiry, and the High
Court held that it was not precluded from exercising its powers of revision.
It is on this basis that the challenge to the DJ’s order is considered.

30 The respondent separately contends that the remedies sought by the
appellant are not available under s 401. This was not supported. The
revisionary powers of the High Court, as outlined in s 401(2), are contained
in ss 383, 389, 390 and 392 of the CPC 2018. In particular, 390(1)(d) provides
that the court may alter or reverse an order. These powers are cast in
sufficiently wide terms to encapsulate what the appellant seeks.

Governing provision of the application

31 The next issue concerns the governing provision of the application. The DJ
does not clarify the basis of her order. Reference is made generally to ss 370
and 372 of the CPC 2018. The appellant similarly only refers to s 372 of the
CPC 2018 in this application Before the DJ, the appellant relied on s
370(2)(e) in his written submissions. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROA at p 167 (Written submissions of Mr William Lim Tien Hou at para 6).

The respondent, in turn, argued that s 370(2)(b) is the relevant provision. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROA at p 297 (Written submissions of Mr Ling Kok Hua at para 7)

32 The relevant portion of s 370(2) of the CPC 2018, which is headed
“Procedure governing seizure of property”, provides as follows:

(2) Subject to subsection (3), and to any provisions on forfeiture,
confiscation, destruction or delivery in any other written law under which
property may be seized, the relevant court must, upon receiving a report
mentioned in subsection (1), make such of the following orders as may be
applicable:

...

(b) in any case where the relevant court is satisfied that an offence was
committed in respect of the property, or that the property was used or
intended to be used to commit an offence — such order as the relevant court
thinks fit for the disposal of the property;

...

(e) in any other case, an order relating to —

(i) the delivery of the property to the person entitled to possession of the
property; or

(ii) if that person cannot be ascertained, the custody and production of the
property.

33 On the face of the provision, s 370(2)(b) is the relevant governing
provision. Section 370(2)(b) is cast in wide terms. It applies in so far as an
offence was committed in respect of the property or in so far as the property
was used or intended to be used to commit an offence. Here, an offence was
committed in respect of the Moneys. The transfer from the respondent’s account
to the appellant’s account was procured by fraud; it entailed the deception of
the respondent and similarly, the appellant was deceived as to the identity of
the person with whom he transacted. This is clear based on the Agreed
Statement of Facts. Given so, s 370(2)(e), which is a residuary provision to
accommodate situations that do not fall within the preceding subsections,
would not apply.

34 The query then turns to the principles that underlie an order made pursuant
to s 370(2)(b). The DJ relied on Oon Heng Lye for the proposition that an
individual is to satisfy the Lawful Possession Precondition. In Oon Heng Lye,
the Lawful Possession Precondition was founded on s 392(1) of the CPC 1985.
The DJ further observed that s 392 of the CPC 1985 has been re-enacted as ss
370 to 372 of the CPC 2018.

35 It is important to be precise however, and take note that in 2018, through
the Criminal Justice Reform Act 2018 (No. 19 of 2018) (“Act 19 of 2018”), a
new version of s 370(2) was enacted, introducing a number of variations in the
orders that can be made. What was in s 392 of the CPC 1985 and s 370(2) of the
version of the code pre-Act 19 of 2018 was contained in s 370(2)(e) of the CPC
2018. On this basis, it is clear that the Lawful Possession Precondition
applies to s 370(2)(e) of the CPC 2018. But it is unclear whether the Lawful
Possession Precondition applies to s 370(2)(b) of the CPC 2018.

36 Notwithstanding the difference in the legislative history of the
provisions, there is good reason for the Lawful Possession Precondition to
apply to s 370(2)(b) of the CPC 2018. In Oon Heng Lye, the court determined
that the Lawful Possession Precondition applied to s 392(1) of the CPC 1985
(ie, the equivalent of s 370(2)(e) of the CPC 2018) based on ss 392(4) and
393(1) of the CPC 1985: at [45]–[46]. Section 392(4) of the CPC 1985 sets out
the procedure for when the person entitled to property is unknown or cannot be
found; s 393(1) sets out the procedure where no person establishes a claim in
such circumstances and where the person in whose possession the property was
found is unable to show that he had legally acquired it. Based on the two
provisions, the court in Oon Heng Lye determined that in making an order for
the delivery of the item to the person entitled to possession under s 392(1),
the person in question must show that he had legally acquired it.

37 The reasoning in Oon Heng Lye may be extended. The equivalents of ss 392(4)
and 393(1) in the CPC 1985 are found in ss 372(1) and 372(3) of the CPC 2018.
These provisions in the CPC 2018 are materially similar to those in the CPC
1985, and correspondingly set out the procedure for when the person entitled
to property is unknown or cannot be found as well as the procedure for when no
person establishes a claim in such circumstances and when the person in whose
possession the property was found is unable to show that he had legally
acquired it.

38 The only point of distinction is that s 370(2)(b) of the CPC 2018 refers to
the disposal of a property while s 392(1) of the CPC 1985 refers to the
delivery of the property. The query is thus whether disposal encompasses
delivery. On an ordinary understanding of “disposal”, it is clear that it
refers to the getting rid of something. In the context of legal proceedings,
it would encompass, to my mind, removing the property from being subject to
those proceedings. It is of sufficiently wide ambit to include delivery. This
is further apparent from the use of the term “disposal” in s 364 of the CPC
2018. It is stated that the court is able to make an order as it thinks fit
for the disposal of the property in question in as much as it is not subject
any provisions on forfeiture, confiscation, destruction or delivery. This
suggests that disposal encompasses delivery, and if so, that the Lawful
Possession Precondition applies to s 370(2)(b).

39 This is also consistent with the finding in Lee Chen Seong Jeremy and
others v Public Prosecutor [2019] 4 SLR 867 at [115] that the Lawful
Possession Precondition applies to s 370 of the CPC 2018. A similar
observation was also made in AB Partners Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2020] 4
SLR 1082 (“AB Partners”) at [56]–[57] that the reasoning in Oon Heng Lye
should extend to s 370(2) of the CPC 2018.

Whether the Moneys should be returned to the appellant or respondent

40 The controlling principle in this inquiry is whether the appellant or
respondent fulfils the Lawful Possession Precondition. In evaluating whether
the Lawful Possession Precondition is satisfied, it is necessary to keep in
mind the objective of a disposal inquiry. The propositions in this regard are
well-established. A disposal inquiry is not meant to be conclusive as to
title: Thai Chong Pawnshop at [5]. It follows that parties are able to
commence separate civil proceedings to assert their rights: Thai Chong
Pawnshop at [5]. The object of a disposal inquiry is to identify the party
entitled to possession: Sim Cheng Ho and another v Lee Eng Soon [1997] 3
SLR(R) 190 (“Sim Cheng Ho”) at [9]. It is thus intended to be an inexpensive
and expeditious manner of distributing items: Thai Chong Pawnshop at [5].

41 Having considered the arguments of parties, the Moneys should be returned
to the individual that it was seized from, that being the appellant.

42 It is not disputed that the respondent fulfils the Lawful Possession
Precondition. The Moneys originated from the respondent’s bank account. The
transfers were procured by fraud. There is nothing to suggest that the Moneys
were initially illegitimately or illicitly obtained by the respondent. The
appellant, too, does not contest that the respondent satisfies the Lawful
Possession Precondition.

43 In preferring the respondent’s claim over that of the appellant, the DJ
observed that the appellant appreciated the risks associated with transacting
bitcoins, and that the “cloak of criminality” that followed the Moneys was not
negated by his legitimate transaction with the user “haylieelan”. With
respect, this is unpersuasive.

44 To begin with, it is immaterial whether the possession of the asset came
through a risky transaction in ascertaining if the Lawful Possession
Precondition was satisfied. The CPC 2018 does not distinguish between
different levels of risk. And what may seem risky to one person may not be to
another: risk appetites will vary. While as a matter of financial and consumer
regulation, cryptocurrency activity may be regarded as risky and perhaps
forbidden, a dealer or trader in cryptocurrency is not to be treated any
differently from any other owner of a valuable asset. Whether or not a
cryptocurrency, as opposed to its monetary proceeds, is property is a question
left for another day.

45 Lawful possession may be indicated by various factors including
transactions that appear valid and untainted by criminality: what matters is
that at least on the face of these transactions there is such absence of
criminality. As emphasised and explained at [55] below, the court in the
disposal inquiry process is not concerned with examining whether full rights
have been established at civil law. It therefore does not necessarily delve
into whether contracts are valid or property rights properly created or
transferred. What suffices is that on the face of things there is no taint of
criminality.

46 On the facts here, there was a legitimate contractual transaction between
the appellant and “haylieelan”, without any indication of any criminal
behaviour on the part of the appellant. This establishes lawful possession on
the part of the appellant.

47 The contractual transaction also demonstrates that the Moneys were lawfully
obtained and/or originated from a legitimate source. This stands in stark
contrast to the situation in AB Partners, where the petitioner’s lawful
entitlement to the funds in question was in doubt. No evidence had been
produced by the petitioner to show its lawful entitlement. There were also
several other factors, such as the petitioner’s shares being sold at a
significant undervalue, that cast doubt on whether the funds were lawfully
obtained. The situation also differs from Oon Heng Lye where the funds were
the proceeds of the petitioner’s unlicensed moneylending activities.
Contrastingly, there is no evidence to suggest that the appellant was aware of
the source or nature of the Moneys. There is also no evidence to show that the
appellant had any role to play in the fraud perpetuated on the respondent. As
noted by the DJ, the appellant was also a victim of the fraud. The respondent,
too, does not dispute that the appellant was party to a legitimate contractual
transaction. Instead, the respondent contends that this fact is irrelevant as
it goes towards demonstrating ownership instead of possession. This is
erroneous. As observed in Sim Cheng Ho at [8], “[t]itle and possession are
related concepts”. In so far as the appellant is able to demonstrate ownership
interest in the Moneys, this goes towards establishing his possessory
interest.

48 While the respondent seeks to analogise the present facts to Chen Xiuzhu,
which similarly involved two claimants who were victims of fraud, the
reasoning in Chen Xiuzhu should be confined to its facts. In Chen Xiuzhu, the
second claimant was duped into transferring moneys to a third party, who then
exchanged the said moneys with the first claimant for its equivalent value in
a foreign currency. Notably, the transfer of the equivalent of the moneys in a
foreign currency was executed by the first claimant’s nephew overseas, and not
the first claimant herself. The court found that the second claimant was
entitled to the funds because the first claimant could not demonstrate a
proprietary interest in or claim to the funds. Chen Xiuzhu observed at [9]
that it was not “even a situation involving a commingling of funds where [the
first claimant] might still be able to eke out some interest in the same”.
Simply, there was no evidence that the funds transferred to the third party
originated from the first claimant. Given this, there was no proprietary claim
of any kind possible on the part of the first claimant. In contrast, the
property that was exchanged for the Moneys, ie, the bitcoins, belonged to the
appellant.

49 There is thus no reason to find that the appellant did not satisfy the
Lawful Possession Precondition. This means both the appellant and respondent
satisfy the Lawful Possession Precondition. In this respect, Mr Koh’s opinion
in respect of the second question posed to him as outlined above at [26] is of
assistance. He outlines the principles that the court should rely on in
adjudicating between competing claims in a disposal inquiry where there is
more than one claimant who is or was in lawful possession of the property.
Succinctly, the principles guiding the court in adjudicating claims in a
disposal inquiry remain relevant; the court is to determine the party entitled
to possession, and principles of title and ownership may be of assistance in
the inquiry.

50 An appropriate starting point is the respondent’s contention that there is
no presumption that the seized property is to be transferred to the person
last in possession immediately prior to seizure. This is on the authority of
Sim Cheng Ho. While this is broadly correct, the manner in which the
proposition emerges in Sim Cheng Ho should be examined. In Sim Cheng Ho, the
petitioner argued for a three-point test to be applied: firstly, the
magistrate should ascertain the possessor at the time of the seizure;
secondly, he should ascertain if the possession was unlawful; and thirdly, in
the absence of unlawful possession, the property should be returned to the
possessor at the time of the seizure. The court rejected the petitioner’s
framework and set out a hypothetical at [8] where “X, who holds title, loans
his property to Y for a day, who would then be in possession as a lawful
licensee”. If the property is then seized from “Y”, through no fault or “X” or
“Y”, “Y” could not dispute that “X” is entitled to possession on the basis of
“X’s” title. From this, the court concludes that “[t]he mere inability to
decide questions as to title does not and cannot lead to an inability to have
regard to the party who holds title. Title and possession are related
concepts” [emphasis in original]: [8]. The gist of the court’s finding was
that title is of relevance in determining who is entitled to possession of
property. It was in this particular context that it was observed that it
cannot be presumed that the lawful possessor of the property at the point of
seizure should receive the property. The reason for this, as highlighted in
Sim Cheng Ho, is that there may be another individual who clearly has title of
property and thus is entitled to possession.

51 The hypothetical raised in Sim Cheng Ho is a useful counterfoil to the
present situation. Here, both parties were in lawful possession of the Moneys
and it is not clear, at this juncture, who has the stronger title or interest
in the Moneys, as compared to the hypothetical in Sim Cheng Ho where one of
the parties holds title and clearly has a stronger claim.

52 In such a circumstance, the Moneys should be returned to the person from
whom it was seized. In Ung Yoke Hooi v Attorney-General [2009] 3 SLR(R) 307
(“Ung Yoke Hooi”), the Court of Appeal set out the functions and duties of the
magistrate’s court under s 392 of the CPC 1985. To recap, s 392 of the CPC
1985 has been largely re-enacted as ss 370 to 372 of the CPC 2018. The Court
of Appeal noted that the magistrate’s court’s main function is to “determine
who is entitled to the possession of the seized property and to return it to
him, or, if such person cannot be found, to keep it in safe custody”: [29]. In
Ung Yoke Hooi, the funds in seized accounts were reported by the Investigation
Officer (“IO”) to be tainted moneys belonging to another entity; the
appellant, in turn, maintained that they were proceeds of sale of his shares:
[32]. The moneys in the seized accounts thus either belonged to the appellant
or the entity specified by the IO. Albeit in obiter, the Court of Appeal
observed that the appellant had “a better right to possession (and also
ownership) simply because the money was in his possession before the accounts
were seized” [emphasis in original]: [32]. The basis for this was s 112 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) which provides that where the question is
whether any person is the owner of anything of which he is shown to be in
possession, the burden of proving that he is not the owner is on the person
who affirms that he is not the owner: [32].

53 Various academic commentaries, as helpfully noted by Mr Koh, have made
similar observations. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

YAC at pp 68 to 69.

In Justice C K Prasad & Namit Saxena, Ratanlal & Dhirajlal: The Code of
Criminal Procedure (LexisNexis, 21st Ed, 2018), in relation to s 457 of the
Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 (Act No 2 of 1974) (India) (“Indian CPC”),
which is in pari materia with s 370 of the CPC 2018, it was observed that
“[i]n the absence of anything to show the title to the property, it should be
ordered to be delivered to the person in whose possession it had been at the
time of the attachment” (at p 2168). A similar comment is made in S R Roy, B B
Mitra on the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 vol 2 (Arup Kumar de Kamal Law
House, 18th Ed, 1995) in relation to s 457 of the Indian CPC, that “if there
is no evidence as to the ownership of the property, it should be delivered to
the person from whose possession it was taken” (at p 1555).

54 A similar sentiment has been expressed in Criminal Procedure in Singapore
and Malaysia (S Chandra Mohan & Tan Yock Lin gen eds) (LexisNexis, Looseleaf
Ed, 2022, 2019 at Ch VI, paras 2204 and 2205, as follows:

... Not all questions of rightful possession are inevitably complex and in any
case in which the question admits of a straightforward answer, the court ought
not to return the property to the person from whom it was seized by the
police, eg the pawnbroker, but to the person with the right of possession thus
clearly established ... So where the person claiming to have the right to
possession can produce clear evidence that the person from whom the property
was seized forged her signature to the documents of transfer, the magistrate
should exercise his discretion in her favour. But where the issue of forgery
is complex and the evidence uncertain and little else is forthcoming from the
police investigations, the discretion must favour the person from whom the
property was seized.

[emphasis added]

55 The foregoing analysis dovetails with the objectives of a disposal inquiry
and the role of the court in the process. At its centre, the disposal inquiry
is a mechanism to remove and distribute seized properties from the criminal
system. This is borne out by a review of s 370 of the CPC 2018. Section 370(1)
requires the law enforcement officer to provide a report to the magistrate
court when he considers the property to not be relevant to any criminal
process or after a year of the date of seizure of property, at whichever point
is earlier. On receipt of the report, the court may exercise its power under s
370(2) of the CPC 2018 (as set out at [32] above). This, however, is
circumscribed by s 370(3): if there are any pending court proceedings in
relation to the property or if the property is relevant to any investigation
or process, the property may not be disposed of. Accordingly, the properties
that are then dealt with by the court under s 370(2) are properties that are
no longer relevant or needed in criminal proceedings or police investigations.
As explained by Yong Pung How CJ in Thai Chong Pawnshop at [5], “these
[disposal] inquiries tend to serve merely as a speedy and convenient means to
rid the court of items it no longer has use or need for”. It is thus
unsurprising that disposal inquiry hearings are conducted in a rather informal
manner. It is marked by the absence of pre-inquiry processes such as the
disclosure or discovery of documents. This was further explained by the court
in Sim Cheng Ho at [26] that, “[i]n such inquiries, there are no proper
procedures for all pertinent issues to be set out and for evidence to be
discovered and contested in an orderly fashion”. This hamstrings the court’s
ability to make determinations on complex issues of fact and law, especially
those in relation to civil law such as title. This is also consonant with the
“rough and ready” approach to be taken by the court in the process given the
lack of procedures available in the civil process to decide between claims:
Sim Cheng Ho at [9]. It is therefore clear that the CPC 2018 does not envisage
the court in the disposal inquiry process making determinations on contentious
civil issues. Questions of ownership and title are best left for the civil
court.

56 Returning to the present issue, the Moneys should be returned to the
appellant. In reaching this conclusion, it is important to note that both the
appellant and the respondent satisfy the Lawful Possession Precondition. This
is unlike a situation where only one of many claimants satisfy the Lawful
Possession Precondition. Where all claimants have satisfied the Lawful
Possession Precondition, and there is no further evidence available as to who
has a better claim, s 370(2)(b) of the CPC 2018 does not accommodate much
further than for the return of the property to the lawful possessor of the
property at the point of seizure. As noted, the present ruling has no effect
on a civil court; the ruling is not an adjudication on the issues involving
civil law. This leaves parties free to commence civil proceedings.

57 Accordingly, this is an appropriate case for the revisionary jurisdiction
of the court to be exercised. This would require a demonstration not only that
there has been some error but that material and serious injustice had been
occasioned: Oon Heng Lye at [14]. In Oon Heng Lye, it was observed at [43]
that grave and serious injustice would be occasioned if the petitioner was the
person entitled to possession of the seized funds. Presently, the appellant,
ie, the petitioner, was entitled to possession of the Moneys. The DJ, with
respect, had erred in finding that he did not satisfy the Lawful Possession
Precondition. The return of the Moneys to the respondent would thus give rise
to serious injustice. It bears reiterating that even though the Moneys were
associated with a cryptocurrency transaction, the present application was
dealt with in the same way as any other. To my mind, no special risks
presented themselves that warranted a different approach. As foreshadowed at
[44], whether cryptocurrency and/or its proceeds are property is not an issue
to be dealt with in this judgment.

Conclusion

58 For the reasons above, while I understand the respondent’s assertion of his
rights on the basis of the law as it stands, I set aside the order of the DJ.
The Moneys are to be returned to the appellant.

59 I understand that both parties have been put to expense and time in dealing
with the aftermath of a fraud that neither was implicated in, and which both
were victims of. Today’s decision is also unlikely to be the end of the
matter. I must, however, apply the law as it stands. However, I would urge the
parties to see if they can come to some sort of resolution between themselves
that would avoid further time and expense for both.

60 It remains for me to thank Mr Koh for his comprehensive submissions that
were of assistance to this court. I am also grateful for the work of the
counsel for the parties.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Che Wei Chin (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the appellant;

Oei Ai Hoea Anna (Tan, Oei & Oei LLC) for the respondent;

Cheng You Duen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the non-party (watching
brief);

Koh Boon Hao Samuel (Drew & Napier LLC) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Jan 2023 (12:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

