Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 259

Suit No 141 of 2022

Between

|  Tan Hui Min Sabrina Alberta  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chiang Hai Ding  
---|---  
(2)| Chiang Joon Arn  
|  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Pleadings]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Hui Min Sabrina Alberta

  
v

  

Chiang Hai Ding and another

[2023] SGHC 259

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 141 of 2022  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
2–5, 9 May, 9 June 2023

14 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 At the heart of this dispute is a conservation shophouse located at 11
Martaban Road, Singapore 328639 (“11 Martaban”). The registered proprietor of
11 Martaban is the first defendant, Dr Chiang Hai Ding (“Dr Chiang”).

2 The second defendant, Mr Chiang Joon Arn (“Mr Chiang”), is Dr Chiang’s son.
Mr Chiang and the plaintiff, Ms Tan Hui Min Sabrina Alberta (“Ms Tan”), are
undergoing divorce proceedings.

3 Ms Tan seeks a declaration that she and/or Mr Chiang are the beneficial
owners of 11 Martaban. The defendants, on the other hand, contend that 11
Martaban belongs solely to Dr Chiang.

Undisputed facts

The parties

4 Ms Tan and Mr Chiang (“the Couple”) registered their marriage on 21 December
2011. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed List of Non-Issues (“AL”) at S/N 1 and S/N 2.

In their divorce proceedings vide FC/D 4921/2020, interim judgment was granted
on 7 May 2021. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AL at S/N 3.

Dr Chiang is a former civil servant and Member of Parliament. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AL at S/N 5.

5 Ms Tan is a chartered accountant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AL at S/N 8.

From 1994 to 1997, Ms Tan was an auditor at Ernst and Young (“EY”). At that
time, Mr Chiang also worked at EY, and it was then that the Couple met. In
1997, Ms Tan moved to work at Saatchi & Saatchi as a senior accountant for two
years. From 1999 to 2002, Ms Tan was the Finance Director at Carlson Marketing
Group. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AL at S/N 7 and S/N 10.

6 Ms Tan resigned from Carlson Marketing Group in 2002 to join Mr Chiang in
Boston, United States of America (“US”), where he was posted for work by EY. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AL at S/N 11.

There, the Couple set up a joint bank account with the Bank of America. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AL at S/N 12.

They later opened another joint bank account in Singapore, with OCBC Bank. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AL at S/N 13.

I shall refer to these as “the Two Joint Accounts”.

7 Around 2005 to 2006, the Couple purchased a Housing Development Board
(“HDB”) flat at Pinnacle @ Duxton (“the Pinnacle Flat”) for $306,500 in their
joint names. Ms Tan’s parents paid the $2,000 application fee on behalf of the
Couple. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AL at S/N 14.

Eventually, this was used as the matrimonial home.

Purchase of 11 Martaban

8 In or around 2009, Ms Tan and Mr Steven Kwang (“Mr Kwang”), the Chiang
family’s property agent, went for various viewings of shophouses across
Singapore. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AL at S/N 16.

11 Martaban was first identified by Ms Tan in 2009. She then told Mr Chiang
about it. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AL at S/N 17.

In the same year, 11 Martaban was purchased for $2,100,000 and registered in
Dr Chiang’s sole name. Mr Chiang did not have sufficient funds to pay the
downpayment amount of $820,000. Therefore, Mr Chiang and Dr Chiang paid
approximately $520,000 and $300,000, respectively, towards the downpayment of
the property. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AL at S/N 18 and S/N 19.

The remaining purchase price was financed by a mortgage of $1,280,000 taken
out in Mr Chiang’s sole name (“the Mortgage”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AL at S/N 22.

The Couple’s involvement in 11 Martaban

9 After its purchase, 11 Martaban was rented out. Its rental income was used
to finance the Mortgage repayments. When 11 Martaban was not rented out, Mr
Chiang would service the Mortgage. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AL at S/N 24.

Mr Chiang also paid the property tax for 11 Martaban for at least the past six
years. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AL at S/N 25.

Mr Chiang also reimbursed Dr Chiang for income tax payments arising from the
property’s rental income that the latter had made. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AL at S/N 26.

10 Turning to Ms Tan’s involvement, in September 2014, Ms Tan reviewed and
amended a tenancy agreement for 11 Martaban. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AL at S/N 27.

Sometime between 2014 and 2015, there were roof water leakages in 11 Martaban.
Ms Tan sourced suitable contractors and reviewed quotations to fix the leakage
problem. After she found a suitable contractor, she oversaw the rectification
works to resolve the issue. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AL at S/N 28.

Moreover, Ms Tan also liaised with Mr Kwang to check a tenant out of 11
Martaban in April 2016. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AL at S/N 30.

11 In 2017, Ms Tan was diagnosed with endometrial cancer, and she began
receiving treatment. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AL at S/N 31.

Sometime in 2017, a real estate agent, Ms Loh Suat Hui (“Ms Loh”) was
appointed as the estate agent for 11 Martaban. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AL at S/N 32.

As at the date of the filing of the Defence, the property had been in a state
of disrepair since 2018 and had not been tenanted since that time. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AL at S/N 33.

The breakdown in the relationship

12 On 30 October 2020, Ms Tan commenced divorce proceedings against Mr Chiang.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AL at S/N 35.

The present suit arises out of the divorce proceedings, as the parties
disagree as to whether 11 Martaban forms part of the pool of matrimonial
assets to be divided. Should the property belong solely to Dr Chiang, it would
not be a matrimonial asset.

The parties’ cases

13 Ms Tan’s main case is that although 11 Martaban was purchased before their
marriage, all along, the parties had intended that Dr Chiang hold it on trust
for the Couple. As such, they are the true beneficial owners of the property.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 1(a).

14 Ms Tan’s narrative is that the Couple always dreamed of owning and living
in a shophouse. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at para 20.

11 Martaban was their joint investment. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at paras 26–40.

The Couple only used Dr Chiang’s name to purchase the property because they
could not purchase it under their names. After the purchase of the Pinnacle
Flat, they had to fulfil HDB’s “minimum occupancy period” (“MOP”) of five
years before any purchase of private property could be made (“the HDB MOP
restriction”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at paras 33–34.

15 After the purchase of 11 Martaban, the Couple bore the expenses 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at paras 98–101.

and reaped all of the benefits of the property. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at para 82.

As framed, Ms Tan’s claim is premised on a common intention constructive trust
over the property in favour of the Couple, and I shall refer to the alleged
understanding of the parties as “the Alleged Arrangement”.

16 Further, and in the alternative, Ms Tan alleges that a resulting trust has
arisen such that the Couple are the beneficial owners of 11 Martaban. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS at para 1(b).

Ms Tan’s position is that the Couple had paid towards the downpayment of the
property and taken up the liability for the Mortgage, which gives rise to a
presumed resulting trust at law. Ms Tan contends that a resulting trust arises
in favour of the Couple as full beneficial owners and that the defendants are
unable to rebut this presumption as the Couple did not intend to benefit Dr
Chiang with 11 Martaban. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS at para 118.

As regards Dr Chiang’s contribution of $300,000 to 11 Martaban’s purchase
price, this was a loan and is accordingly to be taken as the Couple’s joint
contribution. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PCS at para 121.

However, should the court find that Dr Chiang’s contribution of $300,000 was
personal to him, and not a loan to the Couple, then the beneficial ownership
would be 85.72% in favour of the Couple and 14.28% in favour of Dr Chiang. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at para 122.

I shall refer to this as the “First Alternative Case”.

17 Further, and in the alternative, Ms Tan says that should the court find
that Mr Chiang’s contributions were for himself only and not made on behalf of
the Couple, then the resulting trust arises solely in favour of Mr Chiang. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PCS at para 1(c).

Within this alternative case, should Dr Chiang’s contribution of $300,000 be
treated as his personal contribution towards 11 Martaban, Mr Chiang and Dr
Chiang would hold the property as 85.72% and 14.28% beneficial owners
respectively. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCS at para 122.

I shall refer to this as the “Second Alternative Case”.

18 Turning to the defendants’ case, Dr Chiang and Mr Chiang’s main defence is
that there was no agreement between the parties for 11 Martaban to be held by
Dr Chiang on behalf of the Couple. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 25.

11 Martaban was not purchased pursuant to the Alleged Arrangement 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS at para 55.

and the parties’ conduct following the purchase of the property was
inconsistent with the Alleged Arrangement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCS at para 60.

19 The defendants’ narrative is that Dr Chiang invests in properties. He
expressed his interest in buying a shophouse to Mr Chiang, and Mr Chiang and
Ms Tan helped in the search for 11 Martaban. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at paras 104–105.

After 11 Martaban was identified, Mr Chiang wanted to help his father realise
this dream of owning a shophouse. As Dr Chiang did not qualify for any bank
loans, Mr Chiang agreed to take out the Mortgage in his name (to be financed
by the rental proceeds). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at paras 106 and 109.

As a gift to his father, Mr Chiang also wanted to pay the downpayment in full.
Due to insufficiency of funds, he was only able to pay $520,000. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at paras 107–108.

As 11 Martaban was a gift to Dr Chiang, all of Mr Chiang’s contributions to
the property were meant to benefit Dr Chiang. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCS at paras 95 and 111.

I shall refer to this as the “Gift Narrative”.

Whether Ms Tan’s pleadings limit her claim to the Couple being joint
beneficiaries

20 Before I set out the substantive issues, as a preliminary matter, the
defendants take issue with Ms Tan’s alternative case that Dr Chiang holds 11
Martaban on trust solely for Mr Chiang’s benefit. This is because Ms Tan’s
pleaded case has always referred to the Couple as joint beneficiaries of the
alleged trust. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at paras 14–15.

Accordingly, Ms Tan’s claim, on either a common intention constructive trust
or resulting trust, should be limited to the Couple being joint beneficiaries.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS at para 9.

21 To be fair to Ms Tan, while the defendants argue that Ms Tan’s case on both
a common intention constructive trust and resulting trust should be limited to
the Couple being joint beneficiaries, as I set out above, Ms Tan does not
claim for a common intention constructive trust whereby Dr Chiang holds 11
Martaban for Mr Chiang’s sole benefit. This much is clear from the written
submissions. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 1.

Further, when addressing the preliminary objection in her reply submissions,
Ms Tan does not at all allude to the possibility of a common intention
constructive trust in favour of only Mr Chiang. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See Plaintiff’s Reply Closing Submissions (“PRCS”) at paras 28–36.

Accordingly, it seems that the defendants’ preliminary objection as regards
the constructive trust was only made to foreclose any possibility of this
court declaring the existence of a common intention constructive trust in
favour of Mr Chiang only. Therefore, I shall only address the preliminary
objection in relation to a resulting trust for the sole benefit of Mr Chiang,
ie, the Second Alternative Case.

The parties’ arguments

22 The defendants’ basis for the objection is that Ms Tan’s pleaded case has
always referred to the Couple as joint beneficiaries of an alleged trust. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DCS at para 14.

Nowhere do the pleadings point to Mr Chiang being the sole beneficiary to the
exclusion of Ms Tan. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DCS at para 15.

While Ms Tan has sought to rely on her claimed relief as the basis for the
position, this does not assist her as the issue is not whether Ms Tan has
claimed for alternative relief, but whether she has pleaded the material facts
to support the cause of action upon which the relief is claimed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCS at para 17.

23 In any event, even if the pleaded relief is taken into account, a plain
reading of its express wording suggests that Ms Tan’s real case is that the
Couple are the beneficial owners of 11 Martaban. In her Statement of Claim, Ms
Tan seeks “[a] declaration that the 1st Defendant is holding Martaban on
behalf of the Plaintiff and/or the 2nd Defendant, who are the beneficial
owners of Martaban [(“Prayer 1”)]” [emphasis added]. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS at paras 18–19; Statement of Claim at para 20(1).

24 Moreover, Ms Tan’s claim is always premised on the factual assertion that
the Couple are joint beneficiaries. Prior to the commencement of these
proceedings, Ms Tan’s solicitors wrote to Mr Chiang’s solicitors, setting out
her claim that 11 Martaban was a “joint investment” between the Couple and
held on trust on behalf of the Couple by Dr Chiang (“the Letter”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCS at para 20.

25 In contrast, Ms Tan argues that the objection is without merit for the
following reasons:

(a) First, all material facts were pleaded and placed before the court, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PRCS at paras 30–31.

and the Second Alternative Case was put to the defendants at trial. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PRCS at para 33.

(b) Second, in any event, the defendants were not taken by surprise and were
fully aware of Ms Tan’s pleaded case at the outset. In this connection, Ms Tan
points to the defendants’ Opening Statement, where they expressly state that
Ms Tan is seeking a declaration that Dr Chiang holds 11 Martaban for her
and/or Mr Chiang. The defendants also agreed in the Agreed List of Non-Issues
that one of the issues to be determined in this suit is “whether a resulting
trust arises, such that the [Ms Tan] and/or [Mr Chiang] are the beneficial
owners of 11 Martaban [emphasis added]”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCS at para 124; AL at S/N 3.

(c) Third, if Prayer 1 is defective, the court can still grant Ms Tan the
alternative relief under Prayer 3 of the Statement of Claim, where Ms Tan has
prayed for further and/or other reliefs as the court deems fit. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PRCS at para 30; Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 20(3).

(d) Fourth, it is a non-starter for the defendants to assert that Ms Tan is
barred from running the Second Alternative Case on the basis of the Letter, as
Ms Tan cannot possibly be bound by the Letter in any way in her claim. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PRCS at para 34.

The legal principles on pleadings

26 It is a well-established principle that parties are bound by their
pleadings, and the court is prohibited from making decisions on issues that
have not been pleaded by the parties. However, if a legal outcome is to be
relied upon, it is not necessary to explicitly state that outcome in the
pleadings. What is crucial is that the pleadings contain, at the very least,
the essential facts that support the cause of action relied on: Ho Soo Tong
and others v Ho Soo Fong and others [2023] SGHC 90 (“Ho Soo Tong”) at [43].
The party can then develop the legal consequences of those facts in
submissions: Acute Result Holdings Ltd v CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (formerly known as CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd) [2022] SGHC 45 at
[64]. The fundamental purpose of the law of pleadings is to prevent unforeseen
surprises from arising during trial: Ho Soo Tong at [43].

Analysis

27 Having considered the Statement of Claim, I am of the view that Ms Tan is
entitled to assert a resulting trust where Mr Chiang is the sole beneficiary.

28 A resulting trust may arise where A pays (wholly or in part) for the
purchase of the property, which is vested either in B alone or in the joint
names of A and B: Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London
Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at 708 (cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108
(“Lau Siew Kim”) at [34]).

29 Paragraph 14(b) of the Statement of Claim states that Mr Chiang took up a
mortgage amounting to $1,280,000 to fund a part of the property’s purchase
price. When monies are borrowed by the mortgagor to be used on the property’s
purchase, the mortgagor is treated as having contributed the amount borrowed
to that property’s purchase price: Curley v Parkes [2004] EWCA Civ 1515 at
[14] (cited with approval in Lau Siew Kim at [115]). Accordingly, the first
factual requirement is satisfied. Next, in para 2 of the Statement of Claim,
Ms Tan pleads that Dr Chiang is the legal owner of 11 Martaban. In para 13 of
the Statement of Claim, Ms Tan pleads that “[t]he Couple agreed that 11
Martaban would be purchased in [Dr Chiang’s] name”. These satisfy the second
factual requirement of 11 Martaban being vested in Dr Chiang.

30 Accordingly, the defendants are adequately informed of Ms Tan’s case. This
was also made clear, as Ms Tan points out, from the defendants’ Opening
Statement and the Agreed List of Non-Issues. The defendants are not taken by
surprise by the Second Alternative Case, and accordingly, I dismiss the
preliminary objection.

31 For completeness, I note that the parties have also agreed that Mr Chiang
paid $520,000 cash as part of 11 Martaban’s downpayment (see [8] above).
However, I have not considered this specifically in determining whether Ms
Tan’s pleadings are sufficient to ground the Second Alternative Case. This
fact, although agreed, was not clearly pleaded. Instead, at para 14(a) of the
Statement of Claim, Ms Tan pleads that the downpayment was approximately
$820,000. Read with para 13(b)(iii) of the Statement of Claim, in a general
manner, Ms Tan primarily attributes the payment to the Couple. That said, this
aspect only goes towards the determination, if required, of the exact
proportions of the beneficial interests in the property within the Second
Alternative Case. It does not lend support to the defendants’ preliminary
objection in any way.

32 On this score, I note that initially, the defendants contend that Ms Tan’s
pleaded case does not contain a claim for partial beneficial ownership based
on resulting trust as she had only claimed for the entire beneficial interest
of 11 Martaban. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement at paras 14 and 27(a).

However, as pointed out by Ms Tan, ultimately, the court has the discretion to
determine the exact proportion of beneficial ownership between the parties. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at para 125; PRCS at para 36.

In Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”), the
husband sought a declaration that his wife held the entire beneficial interest
in a property for him on resulting trust. While this was granted by the High
Court, the Court of Appeal found that the husband’s beneficial interest only
amounted to 84.17%. In any case, this objection appears to have been abandoned
by the defendants.

Issues to be determined

33 In light of the above, the main case turns on the question of whether the
Alleged Arrangement exists, ie, that there was a common intention shared by
the parties that Dr Chiang would hold 11 Martaban on trust for the Couple when
the property was acquired. If the answer to the question is “yes”, then the
issue of whether a resulting trust has arisen will be moot, as Dr Chiang would
hold the beneficial interest of 11 Martaban in accordance with that common
intention and not in the manner under a resulting trust: Chan Yuen Lan at
[158] and [160(b)]. However, if the answer is “no”, I will then proceed to
consider whether a resulting trust has arisen either in favour of the Couple,
ie, the First Alternative Case, or in favour of Mr Chiang only, ie, the Second
Alternative Case. If a resulting trust has arisen on either alternative case,
the proportions of beneficial interests must also be determined. Intertwined
with all of these issues is the question of whether 11 Martaban was a gift by
Mr Chiang to Dr Chiang, ie, the Gift Narrative. With that, I consider the main
case.

Whether a common intention constructive trust has arisen

The applicable legal principles

34 A common intention constructive trust arises from an agreement or
understanding of the parties as to whether the property is to be shared
beneficially: Chan Yuen Lan at [96], citing Lord Bridge’s dicta in Lloyds Bank
plc v Rosset [1991] 1 AC 107 at 132–133. The common intention between the
parties may either be express or inferred, and there must be sufficient and
compelling evidence of the express or inferred common intention. Such common
intention may subsist either at, or subsequent to, the time in which the
property was acquired: Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another
[2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su Emmanuel”) at [83]; Chan Yuen Lan at [160(b)] and
[160(f)]. With that, I turn to the evidence by the parties.

Analysis

35 At the outset, I observe that Ms Tan does not claim that there was any
express agreement among the three parties as to how 11 Martaban was to be
held. Indeed, Ms Tan has not been able to adduce any direct evidence
supporting the Alleged Arrangement. There is no record in any form capturing
the Alleged Arrangement. Instead, for her case, Ms Tan relies on evidence of
the circumstances in which the property was purchased, as well as the parties’
conduct before, during and following 11 Martaban’s acquisition. I shall
proceed to discuss the key aspects raised by the parties before drawing
together the different strands of the evidence to consider whether there is
“sufficient and compelling evidence” to infer a common intention for Dr Chiang
to hold 11 Martaban in accordance with the Alleged Arrangement.

Whether the Couple conducted their lives akin to a married couple when 11
Martaban was purchased

36 According to Ms Tan, as early as 2002, the Couple had firm plans to settle
down and get married eventually. This is supported by the fact that Ms Tan
gave up her promising career and moved to Boston to live with Mr Chiang in
2002. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at para 13.

Further, the Couple shared finances since 2002. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at para 14.

Also, the Couple successfully balloted for and purchased the Pinnacle Flat in
2004/2005. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS at para 16.

In or around 2008, the Couple attended a marriage preparation course. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at para 17.

Then, in early 2009, months before the purchase of 11 Martaban, Mr Chiang
nominated Ms Tan as the sole beneficiary of an NTUC insurance policy valued at
$70,000. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS at para 18.

37 In contrast, the defendants argue that the Couple’s relationship was not
serious in 2002 as the Couple had only begun dating at that time, and Ms Tan
went to Boston to “give their nascent relationship a go”. In 2004, Ms Tan’s
parents had doubts as to whether Mr Chiang was serious about Ms Tan, and they
had to travel to the US to assess this for themselves. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at para 30.

Ms Tan herself averred that the Couple’s relationship “had its ups and downs”
and that the Couple took a break in their relationship in 2007, which suggests
that the Couple’s relationship was not robust. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendants’ Reply Closing Submissions (“DRCS”) at para 8.

Save that the parties acquired Pinnacle Flat as their future matrimonial home
in or around 2006, they did not manage their finances together or conduct
themselves in a manner akin to a married couple prior to their marriage in
2011. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at paras 32–33.

38 In my judgment, I find that on balance, the Couple were in a committed and
serious relationship when 11 Martaban was purchased in and or around 2009. By
the time it was acquired, the Couple had already been dating for at least
seven years, including two years living together in Boston. As regards the
defendants’ contention that the Couple’s relationship was “rocky”, I need only
say that every relationship has its ups and downs. In fact, even the
defendants’ case supports a finding that the Couple were in a committed and
serious relationship when 11 Martaban was acquired. First, it is Mr Chiang’s
evidence that the Pinnacle Flat was intended to be the Couple’s matrimonial
home. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“DBAEIC”) at 82, para
15.

Second, it is undisputed that both Mr Chiang and Ms Tan made financial
contributions towards the Pinnacle Flat. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 33.

Third, Ms Tan was the one who assisted with the search of Dr Chiang’s
investment property and even liaised with Dr Chiang’s agent, Mr Kwang, to do
so. According to the defendants, “[Ms Tan] was the first among the parties to
view 11 Martaban and informed [Dr Chiang] about [it]”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at paras 104–105.

39 However, the fact that there was a close relationship between Ms Tan and Mr
Chiang at the material time does not in and of itself go very far to throw
much light on the issue at hand. In this connection, I note that the
defendants stress that the Couple did not manage their finances together. The
defendants explain that the Couple kept their finances separate. The Two Joint
Accounts (see [6] above) were opened primarily for the purpose of facilitating
payment of the expenses for Ms Tan’s everyday life in Boston and in Singapore.
However, Ms Tan retained as many as nine bank accounts in her sole name. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 32(a).

To a certain extent, I accept this point made by the defendants. From Mr
Chiang’s affidavit of assets and means for the divorce proceedings, out of 19
of Mr Chiang’s bank accounts, there were only the Two Joint Accounts. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“PBAEIC”) at 95,
para 9.

It does not appear to me that even as a married couple, the Couple managed all
their financial matters jointly.

40 That said, I acknowledge that even before marriage, the Couple made certain
financial decisions jointly. This would include the purchase of the Pinnacle
Flat and the payments made towards it. Further, Mr Chiang also made financial
provisions for Ms Tan, including contributing towards her living expenses and
nominating her as the beneficiary for the NTUC insurance policy. However, 11
Martaban stood in a different category as it was not the Couple’s matrimonial
home. Thus, while I bear in mind the background, it is more important to focus
on the specific evidence concerning its acquisition.

Whether 11 Martaban was purchased on behalf of the Couple

(1) Whether the Couple had the desire to own a shophouse

41 In support of the Alleged Arrangement, Ms Tan’s evidence is that it was the
Couple’s shared dream to own and live in a shophouse. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 20.

Conversely, the defendants’ evidence is that it was Dr Chiang’s dream to own a
shophouse, and Mr Chiang wanted to help his father realise this dream. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at para 106.

42 While Mr Chiang attempted to undercut Ms Tan’s evidence by saying that Ms
Tan dreamed of living in a “black and white” colonial house (as opposed to a
heritage shophouse), I am of the view that Ms Tan’s love for “black and white”
colonial houses is consistent with Ms Tan’s love for historical properties.
Indeed, Mr Chiang’s evidence is that the Couple jointly carried out research
on such “black and white” houses but ultimately concluded that they were too
expensive to be bought or rented. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 87, lines 13–25.

As for Mr Chiang, although he denied that it was his dream to live in a
shophouse, he admitted that he enjoyed staying in his uncle’s shophouse in Joo
Chiat in his younger days as it was a “beautiful place”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 88, lines 16–28.

By the above, I find that, on balance, the Couple had, at the very least, an
affinity to heritage shophouses such as 11 Martaban.

43 For completeness, I am unable to accept the defendants’ narrative that Dr
Chiang was the one who dreamed of living in a shophouse. This is not supported
by any evidence apart from the defendants’ bare assertion. Instead, Dr
Chiang’s evidence at trial was that he never stayed at 11 Martaban and had no
intention to do so. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 61, lines 7–10.

(2) Whether the Couple was able to purchase 11 Martaban in their own names

44 I move on to consider the differing accounts of why 11 Martaban was
acquired in Dr Chiang’s name. Ms Tan’s version is that the Couple could not
purchase 11 Martaban under their own names because of the HDB MOP restriction.
However, 2009 was an opportune moment to purchase 11 Martaban as property
prices were low, and the shophouse was a rare find. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS at para 33.

The Couple approached their parents for assistance. Ms Tan approached her
mother, but her mother refused her request. Meanwhile, Mr Chiang approached Dr
Chiang to do so, and Dr Chiang agreed to help. Accordingly, the parties
entered into the Alleged Arrangement.

45 The defendants contend that 11 Martaban was registered under Dr Chiang's
name because it was intended to be his property all along. Dr Chiang was not a
nominee. The defendants also argue that based on Ms Tan’s pleaded case, the
Alleged Arrangement was fundamentally necessitated by the Couple’s inability
to buy 11 Martaban in their own names due to the HDB MOP restriction. This
indicates that when the Couple purchased 11 Martaban, they were certain that
registering the property under their names would violate HDB rules. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 13(a); Reply (Amendment No 1), para 11(a).

Hence, the necessity to involve a third party (ie, Dr Chiang) for the
registration of 11 Martaban. However, this assertion (that the Couple were
certain of this position) stands in contrast to Ms Tan’s earlier evidence in
her affidavit of assets and means filed in the divorce proceedings, where she
expressed only hesitation about purchasing 11 Martaban in the Couple’s names.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

4AB at 32, para 58.

46 In my view, the inconsistency does not undermine Ms Tan’s evidence. In
effect, Ms Tan has been consistent in stating that there was concern over the
Couple purchasing the property in their names. The defendants have not
seriously sought to rebut this position or the limitation placed on the Couple
by the HDB MOP restriction. I also note that there is some corroboration by
way of the evidence of Ms Tan’s mother, Mdm Lee Yuet Yong Evelyn (“Mdm Lee”).
Mdm Lee testified that Ms Tan turned to her for assistance in purchasing the
property, but she turned down the request. On balance, I accept Ms Tan’s
account of the problem faced by the Couple, and that this lends some
tangential support for the Alleged Arrangement.

(3) The parties’ involvement in 11 Martaban’s acquisition

47 Next, I turn to the parties’ involvement in the property’s acquisition.
According to Ms Tan, Dr Chiang was totally not involved in the search for a
suitable shophouse and merely viewed 11 Martaban after it was shortlisted. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at paras 28 and 32.

In contrast, Ms Tan involved her parents and brother in the purchase of 11
Martaban and would have no reason to if it was meant to be Dr Chiang’s
property. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at para 31.

48 On the evidence, it seems to me that Ms Tan’s involvement in the search for
11 Martaban is not insignificant. This is especially so in comparison to Dr
Chiang, who, in my view, had a very limited role in the process. As mentioned
at [38] above, it is the defendants’ own case that Ms Tan searched for
suitable shophouses with Dr Chiang’s agent, Mr Kwang, and was the first to
view 11 Martaban before subsequently informing Dr Chiang about it. Moreover,
the following evidence indicates that Ms Tan’s involvement was considerable:

(a) First, after having viewed three other shophouses, Ms Tan updated Mr
Chiang and sought the latter’s views on them. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PBAEIC 15 at paras 42–45.

The defendants have not challenged Ms Tan’s evidence in this regard.

(b) Second, following her viewing of 11 Martaban, the Couple viewed the
property together. Although Mr Chiang denied in his Defence that Ms Tan
brought him to view the property, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOC at para 11, read with Defence at para 15.

he admitted at trial that the Couple had, in fact, viewed the property
together. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript, 5 May 2023, page 42, lines 30–32.

(c) Third, according to Ms Tan, she brought her parents and brother to view 11
Martaban before its purchase to obtain their views on the property. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PBAEIC 18–19 at paras 56–57.

On this point, I prefer Ms Tan’s account to the defendants’ evidence.
Initially, the defendants denied that such viewings had ever taken place.
However, during cross-examination, Mr Chiang merely testified that he was not
aware that Ms Tan’s parents and brother were involved. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 5 May 2023, page 44, lines 2–6.

More importantly, the evidence of Mdm Lee 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PBAEIC at 241, paras 15–17.

on this remains unchallenged as the defendants did not confront Mdm Lee as to
whether she had viewed the property before its purchase while she was on the
stand. I am satisfied that, on balance, Ms Tan’s family members were involved.

49 Based on the above, I also agree with Ms Tan that if 11 Martaban was
intended to be Dr Chiang’s property, there is no reason why Ms Tan’s parents
and brother would be involved. I should add that even if I am wrong on this,
the first two points above are sufficient to find that Ms Tan was considerably
involved in the property’s acquisition.

50 The defendants seek to undercut Ms Tan’s testimony by arguing that she has
exaggerated the extent of her involvement in the acquisition of 11 Martaban.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at paras 44–47.

First, the defendants contend that while Ms Tan claimed that she had carried
out research on potential shophouses prior to the acquisition of 11 Martaban,
this assertion by Ms Tan is suspect as Ms Tan had concocted a similar story
about having “looked for an appropriately-sized unit to ballot for” in respect
of the Couple’s matrimonial home. However, during cross-examination, Ms Tan
conceded that it would not have been possible for her to identify an
“appropriately-sized unit” at the time of the HDB balloting exercise. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at para 45.

This was because the selection of a unit would occur after the ballot, at the
time when the booking fee was paid. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 2 May 2023, page 22, lines 28–30.

In my view, it is a stretch to argue that Ms Tan’s evidence in respect of 11
Martaban’s acquisition is not credible by virtue of the unsatisfactory aspect
in her evidence on the Pinnacle Flat, an unrelated and separate acquisition.
In any event, the defendants’ complaint is with regard to a minor and specific
detail, viz, the point in time at which Ms Tan identified an “appropriately-
sized unit”. It is not unreasonable for lapses in Ms Tan’s memory about
specific details in the acquisition of the matrimonial home to occur – an
event that occurred more than fifteen years ago.

51 Second, the defendants also point out inconsistencies in Ms Tan’s evidence
as to the financing of 11 Martaban. For instance, Ms Tan stated in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that she discussed the possible options for
mortgages from various banks with Mr Chiang and whether the interest rates
should be fixed or floating. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PBAEIC at para 78.

However, during cross-examination, Ms Tan testified that she “left it to [Mr
Chiang] to handle the finances”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 2 May 2023, page 85, line 28.

In my view, the defendants’ contention as to the purported contradiction in Ms
Tan’s evidence above is erroneous. Ms Tan’s answer of, “I do not recall. I
left it to [Mr Chiang] to handle the finances”, was in response to a question
asking her why the downpayment was not $420,000 (being 20% of the purchase
price) but $820,000. It does not follow from this that Ms Tan was not involved
in seeking suitable mortgage plans. That said, as Ms Tan conceded, she
ultimately left the financing decisions to Mr Chiang.

52 Having accepted Ms Tan’s considerable involvement, I observe that while it
points away from the property being Dr Chiang’s alone, by itself, such
involvement is not sufficient to find a common intention among the parties
that 11 Martaban should be held for the Couple.

(4) Financial contributions to the purchase price of 11 Martaban

53 With that, I turn to examine how 11 Martaban was financed. This is a key
issue in the resulting trust analysis below. However, the manner in which the
property was financed is also relevant as circumstantial evidence in
deciphering the parties’ intentions at the material time as to who owned the
property.

54 To begin, it bears reminding that the parties agree on how the acquisition
was, and is being, financed (see [8] above). The disagreement lies in the
reasons behind financing 11 Martaban in that particular manner, and the exact
nature of the contributions. In relation to the downpayment, Ms Tan’s version
of events is that the Couple had a shortfall of $300,000. As such, the Couple
approached their respective parents to assist with the shortfall. Mdm Lee
refused, while Dr Chiang agreed. Dr Chiang’s contribution of $300,000 was,
therefore, a loan to the Couple to help them meet the downpayment and to give
the Couple a “leg-up to kickstart their property investment portfolio”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PCS at paras 35–36.

As for the Mortgage, the fact that the Mortgage was taken out in Mr Chiang’s
sole name must mean that Mr Chiang has a beneficial interest in 11 Martaban.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at para 55.

Further, the Couple’s selection and management of the mortgage of 11 Martaban
show that they are the true owners of 11 Martaban. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS at para 58.

55 On the other hand, according to the defendants, Mr Chiang’s contributions
to the purchase price of the property were made in accordance with the Gift
Narrative. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS at para 95.

As for the Mortgage, the defendants explain that since Dr Chiang did not
qualify for any bank loans, the defendants agreed that the Mortgage would be
taken out in Mr Chiang’s name. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS at para 106.

The Mortgage being in Mr Chiang’s name does not prove that he has a beneficial
interest in the property. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at paras 52–54.

56 At this juncture, I consider it appropriate to discuss the Gift Narrative
before returning to discuss the downpayment and the Mortgage.

(A) The Gift Narrative

57 The Gift Narrative, says Ms Tan, is a fabrication. First, there was no
special occasion for the gift to be made. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at para 41.

Second, Dr Chiang was a seasoned property investor and could well afford 11
Martaban on his own. Relatedly, it is unbelievable for Dr Chiang, a wealthy
man, to be gifted 11 Martaban by Mr Chiang at a time when the latter was just
starting out his career and about to marry. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at paras 42 and 44.

Third, it does not make logical sense for Dr Chiang to have to pay for a part
of his gift. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at para 45.

Fourth, even though Mr Chiang had excess cash of over $1,800,000 between 2015
and 2021, he made no attempts at paying down the Mortgage. He would have done
so if 11 Martaban was truly a gift from him to Dr Chiang. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at para 48.

Fifth, the Gift Narrative is totally at odds with the fact that it was the
Couple who reaped the benefits of 11 Martaban and not Dr Chiang. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS at para 49.

58 As mentioned previously, the defendants contend that Dr Chiang dreamed of
owning a shophouse and liked 11 Martaban, and Mr Chiang wanted to help his
father realise this dream. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS at paras 104–106.

Initially, Mr Chiang estimated that the downpayment was 20% of the purchase
price (ie, approximately $420,000), which he could afford. However, it turned
out that the downpayment was 40% of the purchase price, as the bank would only
extend a loan amounting to 60% of the purchase price. Following this, Mr
Chiang informed Dr Chiang that the intended gift may have to be abandoned. It
is under these circumstances that Dr Chiang offered to contribute the
shortfall of $300,000 toward the downpayment of 11 Martaban. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCS at paras 107–108.

59 As regards Mr Chiang’s decision not to pay down the Mortgage, the
defendants explain that this was because the Mortgage had a relatively low
interest rate. Further, the fact that Mr Chiang chose not to redeem the
Mortgage early does not detract from the fact that 11 Martaban was intended as
a gift to Dr Chiang since Mr Chiang continued to service the Mortgage. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at para 110.

Lastly, as against Ms Tan’s claim that it was the Couple (and not Dr Chiang)
who reaped the benefits of 11 Martaban, the defendants countered that Dr
Chiang benefitted from a reduction in the outstanding loan encumbering the
property. Since 11 Martaban’s acquisition, Dr Chiang has had the benefit of an
asset in his sole name. While Dr Chiang did not move into the property and
enjoy the benefit of residence, the Couple did not do so as well. Also, it is
premature to speak of any benefit of capital appreciation as 11 Martaban has
not been disposed of. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DRCS at para 23.

60 I have no hesitation in dismissing the Gift Narrative. First, as mentioned
(at [43] above), I reject the defendants’ case that Dr Chiang had a desire to
own a shophouse as a bare assertion. This, therefore, diminishes the
defendants’ claim that Mr Chiang was motivated by a desire to help Dr Chiang
realise his dream of owning a shophouse when the gift was made.

61 Second, I also agree with Ms Tan that the context at the material time made
it very unlikely that Mr Chiang would make the gift, a substantial one in
value, to Dr Chiang. Specifically, Mr Chiang was just starting out his career
and preparing to settle down with Ms Tan. In fact, it is undisputed by the
parties that Dr Chiang was a man of means. There is no good reason why Mr
Chiang would make such a gift, especially at that point in time, to his
father.

62 Third, while the defendants have proffered an explanation as to why Dr
Chiang, the recipient of the gift, had to contribute to a part of its cost –
namely, that Mr Chiang underestimated the amount of downpayment required (see
[58] above), I find that, overall, Dr Chiang’s evidence is unconvincing.
During cross-examination, when asked whether he had, at any point, expressed
reluctance to accept the gift to Mr Chiang in light of Mr Chiang’s inability
to afford to pay the $300,000 downpayment, Dr Chiang testified that there was
no conversation between them as to Mr Chiang’s finances. Dr Chiang testified
that he was “pleased to accept [11 Martaban]”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 72, lines 3–8.

In my view, it is odd that Dr Chiang had no reservations whatsoever about
receiving the gift considering Mr Chiang’s financial and personal
circumstances at the material time. I would expect Dr Chiang to have, at
least, expressed some concerns over Mr Chiang’s ability to afford the
property, even if the defendants were confident that Mr Chiang could afford
the Mortgage repayments. Dr Chiang did not.

63 Fourth, the course of conduct within the Chiang family also reinforces the
finding that the making of the gift was unlikely. As the patriarch of the
family, Dr Chiang was the one planning for his children’s future and assisting
them financially. For example, he sold a property at Robin Road and divided
the proceeds amongst his four sons and each of his daughters-in-law, including
Ms Tan, and set up various trusts for the benefit of his children. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PBAEIC at 22, para 71.

I note that this aspect of Ms Tan’s testimony is not seriously disputed by the
defendants.

64 I now deal with the final two points raised by Ms Tan (at [57] above).
First, Ms Tan says that the fact that Mr Chiang did not pay down the Mortgage
or redeem it when he had the means to do so suggests that the gift was
concocted, as Mr Chiang would have done so if 11 Martaban was truly his gift
to Dr Chiang. In my view, this is a neutral point. The fact of the matter is
that Mr Chiang continued to be legally liable to service the Mortgage. In this
connection, I accept the defendants’ explanation that Mr Chiang did not choose
to redeem or pay down the Mortgage early because he had wanted to take
advantage of low interest rates, despite having the means to do so, as
reasonable.

65 Second, as regards the reaping of benefits of 11 Martaban following its
acquisition, however, I find the defendants’ explanations (see [59] above) to
be superficial and unconvincing. The defendants are unable to point to any
real and tangible benefit derived by Dr Chiang apart from the fact that the
property was registered in his name. Dr Chiang confirmed on the stand that he
had never stayed in 11 Martaban and has no intention of moving into the
property. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 61, lines 7–10.

Dr Chiang also admitted that he was not in a position to dispose of the
property, as it remained encumbered by the Mortgage. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 69, lines 23–31.

Further, the rental proceeds were not pocketed by Dr Chiang. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 61, lines 2–6.

While I appreciate the defendants’ argument that the proceeds were used by Mr
Chiang to service the Mortgage, and, therefore, Dr Chiang benefitted from a
reduction in the outstanding loan encumbering the property (see [59] above),
this, in my view, is an indirect benefit, and ultimately, a technical
argument.

66 By the above, I disbelieve the Gift Narrative. That said, my rejection of
the defendants’ account is not fatal, as it remains for Ms Tan to establish
the Alleged Arrangement.

(B) The downpayment

67 In relation to the downpayment, Ms Tan’s position is that Dr Chiang’s
contribution of $300,000 was a loan to the Couple (see [16] above). The
defendants contend otherwise.

68 I am of the view that it is not borne out by the evidence that Dr Chiang
furnished a loan to the Couple. I appreciate that in the domestic context, one
would expect a certain degree of informality, and there may not be any formal
records of the alleged loan. However, apart from Ms Tan’s bare assertion, the
existence of the alleged loan is not supported by any other evidence,
including circumstantial evidence.

69 Furthermore, in Ms Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, she appears
unclear as to the status of the $300,000 at the time of 11 Martaban’s
acquisition. Ms Tan averred that “[Mr Chiang] and [her] approached [their]
respective parents for assistance with the S$300,000 shortfall”, but her
mother was not keen. Subsequently, Mr Chiang told her that Dr Chiang would
“help us cover the $300,000 shortfall”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PBAEIC at 20, paras 64–66.

Notably, the affidavit of evidence-in-chief did not expressly identify Dr
Chiang’s contribution as a loan. In fact, she went on to state that “[Mr
Chiang] assured me that we need not repay the S$300,000 shortfall, as [Dr
Chiang] had told him that the S$300,000 was an early pay-out of his
inheritance.” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PBAEIC at 23, para 72.

By this latter statement, Ms Tan appears to suggest that Dr Chiang’s
contribution was a pure gift to the Couple (which need not be repaid), thus
contradicting her position that there was a loan to the Couple. That said, it
is not Ms Tan’s case that there was a gift to the Couple or to Mr Chiang.

70 Mdm Lee’s evidence does not support Ms Tan’s case of an alleged loan
either. Mdm Lee averred that Dr Chiang helped the Couple to “cover” some of
the downpayment. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PBAEIC at 242, para 20.

Mdm Lee did not say that Dr Chiang loaned them money. At trial, her evidence
was not all that clear as to whether there was, in fact, a loan. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript, 3 May 2023, page 81, lines 3–10; 18–31.

Accordingly, I do not accept that, on balance, the $300,000 from Dr Chiang was
a loan to the Couple that is to be taken as the Couple’s joint contribution
towards the property’s purchase price.

71 As for Mr Chiang’s contribution of $520,000, as I reject the Gift
Narrative, I do not consider the contribution to be a gift to Dr Chiang. I
also reject Ms Tan’s contention that it was made on behalf of the Couple. I
will explain why (at [77] and [106]–[107]) below.

(C) The Mortgage

72 For now, I turn to the Mortgage. It is common ground that the Mortgage was
taken out in Mr Chiang’s sole name. As elaborated above (at [54]), Ms Tan says
this must mean that Mr Chiang has a beneficial interest in 11 Martaban. Ms Tan
points to the fact that the guidelines of the mortgagee bank (ie, Citibank)
stipulate that the borrower of a mortgage must be the mortgagor of the
property (“the Borrower-Mortgagor Requirement”). In order to mortgage a
property, the mortgagor must have a beneficial interest in the property.
Therefore, it follows that Mr Chiang has a beneficial interest in 11 Martaban
since he is the mortgagor. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at para 55

Further, Dr Chiang did not grant any security interests over 11 Martaban to
Citibank as he was not required to execute the Mortgage. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS at para 56.

Dr Chiang had merely signed an acknowledgement and confirmation slip as the
registered proprietor of 11 Martaban. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS at para 57.

73 The defendants, on the other hand, assert that the Borrower-Mortgagor
Requirement only applies to loans for purchases of a residential property in
which the option to purchase was granted on or after 29 June 2013.
Accordingly, the fact that the Mortgage was taken out in Mr Chiang’s name does
not point towards him having beneficial interests in 11 Martaban. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at paras 52–54.

74 I accept the defendants’ position. The Borrower-Mortgagor Requirement was
not applicable at the time the Mortgage was entered into. The requirement for
residential properties is imposed by way of Monetary Authority of Singapore
Notice 632, issued pursuant to s 55 of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed),
and only came about on 29 June 2013, after 11 Martaban was purchased.

75 Ms Tan also adds that the Couple’s selection and management of the mortgage
of 11 Martaban show that they are the true owners of 11 Martaban (see [54]
above). The defendants explain that while any shortfall to the Mortgage
repayments would be borne by Mr Chiang, the defendants considered these as
gifts to Dr Chiang, as well as Mr Chiang’s contribution towards Dr Chiang’s
maintenance. The defendants also explain that Mr Chiang’s contributions to the
property’s expenses would be considered as Mr Chiang’s maintenance of Dr
Chiang. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 109.

I shall refer to the above explanations as “the Maintenance Explanation”. I am
unable to accept the Maintenance Explanation as this assertion is not
contained in either of the defendants’ affidavits of evidence-in-chief despite
it being particularised in their Defence.

76 In any event, even if I were to accept the Maintenance Explanation as true,
on the whole, Dr Chiang had no significant involvement as regards the
Mortgage. It is clear that the Mortgage was taken up in Mr Chiang’s sole name
and not financed by Dr Chiang. In so far as Mr Chiang’s explanation is that 11
Martaban was a gift to Dr Chiang (and, therefore, his taking up of the
Mortgage was done pursuant to his desire to gift the property), I have found
the Gift Narrative to be unbelievable.

(5) Conclusion

77 To sum up, I do not accept that 11 Martaban was a gift to Dr Chiang, or
that the financial contributions made by Mr Chiang were meant to be gifts.
That being so, the next, and indeed, the more significant question to be asked
is whether the financial contributions support a clear common intention that
the parties intended Dr Chiang to hold 11 Martaban on the Couple’s behalf (ie,
the Alleged Arrangement). In my judgment, they do not. I accept that Ms Tan
had some involvement in procuring a suitable mortgage loan but could not take
up the Mortgage in her name. However, by Ms Tan’s own admission, of the two,
Mr Chiang was the sole contributor not only to the downpayment but also to the
repayment of the Mortgage subsequently. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AL at S/N 24.

Ms Tan made no financial contribution whatsoever. As I shall discuss further
later at [107], Ms Tan has also not pointed to any concrete evidence showing
that Mr Chiang had made the financial contributions on the Couple’s behalf. I
am of the view that, notwithstanding my disbelief of the Gift Narrative, in so
far as the financial contributions to the purchase price of the property are
concerned, I am unable to clearly infer from the surrounding circumstances a
common intention to hold the property on trust for the Couple.

Post-acquisition conduct of the parties

78 With that, I turn to the conduct of the parties after 11 Martaban’s
acquisition.

(1) The Will Back Mechanism

79 According to Ms Tan, in 2014, the Couple decided to implement what Ms Tan
calls the “Will Back Mechanism”. In other words, 11 Martaban would be willed
back to the Couple in Dr Chiang’s will as a mechanism to avoid stamp duties
payable upon a transfer of the property back to the Couple. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 8.

This provides support for Ms Tan’s position that the Couple had all along been
the beneficial owners of 11 Martaban. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PRCS at para 17.

80 To elaborate, since Dr Chiang was holding 11 Martaban on behalf of the
Couple, the initial understanding was for Dr Chiang to transfer the property
back to the Couple upon the expiry of the MOP in December 2014. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at para 63.

The plan was, however, derailed by the Government’s introduction of Additional
Buyer Stamp Duties (“ABSD”) for residential properties in 2011. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 64.

In 2014, the Couple decided to implement the Will Back Mechanism so as to
legitimately avoid stamp duties (ie, Buyer’s Stamp Duty and ABSD) amounting to
about $294,600 to $394,600 (depending on 11 Martaban’s valuation). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at para 65.

The Couple also considered, as an alternative to the Will Back Mechanism,
transferring 11 Martaban into a trust. However, settling the property into a
trust would still have attracted stamp duties. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 69.

To support the existence of the Will Back Mechanism, Ms Tan points to two main
pieces of evidence, namely, Dr Chiang’s will dated 23 April 2014 (“the 2014
Will”), 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at para 8.

and an email from Dr Chiang dated 2 April 2019 (“the 2 April 2019 Email”). 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at para 9.

81 The defendants reject the Will Back Mechanism as “yet another afterthought
contrived by [Ms Tan] to meet the defences raised and documents produced by
[the defendants] in these proceedings”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DRCS at para 24.

First, the Will Back Mechanism is nowhere to be found in the Statement of
Claim. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DRCS at para 25.

Second, Dr Chiang denies that the writing of his will was intended to effect
the Will Back Mechanism. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DRCS at para 26.

Third, the Will Back Mechanism is problematic on its face as Dr Chiang only
willed the property to Mr Chiang. It is only if Mr Chiang had predeceased Dr
Chiang that Ms Tan and the Couple’s children would receive 11 Martaban in
equal shares. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DRCS at para 27.

82 In my judgment, I do not accept the existence of the Will Back Mechanism.
Despite it being a material fact, the Will Back Mechanism is nowhere to be
found in the Statement of Claim. Further, the objective evidence does not
support the existence of the Will Back Mechanism. By clause 5 of the 2014
Will, 11 Martaban was willed to Mr Chiang only. Ms Tan was entitled to the
property only in the event that Mr Chiang predeceased Dr Chiang, and, even
then, the property was to be shared equally by Ms Tan with the Couple’s
children. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

See 1AB at 20–21.

If the beneficial entitlement to 11 Martaban rested with the Couple at the
outset, as per the Alleged Arrangement, it should have been willed to the
Couple. Clause 5 should not contain a gift-over clause. In fact, I consider
the 2014 Will to be probative of the absence of the Alleged Arrangement. The
2014 Will was drawn up before the relationship between the Couple had soured,
and there was no reason for Dr Chiang to exclude Ms Tan from her rightful
share of 11 Martaban (by only bequeathing the property to her as a gift-over
in the event of Mr Chiang’s death) if she was indeed its beneficial owner with
Mr Chiang.

83 At trial, Ms Tan explained that she knew in 2014 that she was only entitled
to 11 Martaban should Mr Chiang predecease her. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 2 May 2023, page 92, line 26 to page 93, line 2.

Despite this, Ms Tan was satisfied with this arrangement as there was trust
between the parties. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 2 May 2023, page 93, line 18.

I accept that given the family context, it was reasonable for Ms Tan not to be
insistent on protecting her interests by formalising the arrangement. However,
I would expect Ms Tan to have at least enquired why she would not be entitled
to the property immediately after Dr Chiang’s death if 11 Martaban was
supposed to be the Couple’s joint investment and Dr Chiang was merely holding
it on their behalf. Ms Tan did not do so.

84 Next, I turn to the 2 April 2019 Email. The email was a response to other
events in early 2019 that led Ms Tan to believe that the defendants “were not
being honest”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript, 3 May 2023, page 17, lines 26–31.

Further, at that time, Mr Chiang was facing a health scare, and Ms Tan was
worried that Mr Chiang, the sole breadwinner in her marriage, could possibly
pass away. As such, Ms Tan wanted assurance from Dr Chiang regarding the
ownership of 11 Martaban. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 3 May 2023, page 46, lines 5–23.

Dr Chiang responded to Ms Tan’s concerns in an email that reads: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

1 AB at 466.

Dear Sabrina

I know that both you and Arn have anxieties arising from the recent unexpected
news about his health status. While we await further news from his doctors,
let me put to rest any possible concern about the property above, due to my
tardiness in attending to the re-writing of my Will.

In the event that Arn is not around, or I, be assured that 11 Martaban will
belong to you without conditions. I shall take steps to ensure this.

…

85 Ms Tan’s case is that the email evinces Dr Chiang’s intention to give her
the property in the event that Mr Chiang died and Dr Chiang survived. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PCS at para 9.

Dr Chiang’s evidence, however, was that he had no intention of transferring 11
Martaban to Ms Tan if Mr Chiang had passed on and Dr Chiang remained alive.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 25, lines 26–30.

Dr Chiang would provide for Ms Tan, but not by way of giving 11 Martaban to
her. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 26, lines 3–11.

On a plain reading of the email, at the highest, Dr Chiang was only prepared
to give effect to Ms Tan’s interest (upon the deaths of both the defendants).
Its meaning is similar to the 2014 Will. This is not consistent with the
purport of the Will Back Mechanism, ie, a mechanism to ensure that the
property would go to the Couple upon Dr Chiang’s death. In fact, the contents
of the email are contrary to the case of a joint ownership of the property
from the outset. At the end of the day, it seems to me that the email was but
a vague assurance to Ms Tan that she would be adequately provided for in the
event of Mr Chiang’s death. Considering that Ms Tan was concerned that the
defendants were not being upfront with her, if she truly believed that the
property belonged to the Couple, it was odd that she was satisfied with such
an email.

(2) Conduct of 11 Martaban’s affairs

86 Ms Tan’s case is that the Couple’s conduct of the property’s affairs
“clearly shows that the Couple is the beneficial owner of 11 Martaban”. The
Couple had different roles to play, and Ms Tan was involved in the groundwork,
such as managing the property and attending to tenancy matters. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at para 102.

The Couple would consult each other regarding matters of greater concern, such
as those relating to tenants, renovation, and repairs. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at para 103.

87 The defendants deny the extent of Ms Tan’s involvement. They claim that the
property was primarily managed by Mr Chiang through his property agents. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at para 61.

Ms Tan only assisted when Mr Chiang was travelling or preoccupied with work.
147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DCS at para 62.

88 My findings are as follows. I first turn to Dr Chiang’s involvement. In my
view, similar to the circumstances surrounding the acquisition of 11 Martaban,
Dr Chiang’s involvement in the property following its purchase was minimal. Dr
Chiang accepted at trial that Mr Chiang paid for the taxes (property/rental
income) in relation to 11 Martaban, or when they were paid by Dr Chiang, Mr
Chiang would reimburse him. No such reimbursement occurred for taxes incurred
by Dr Chiang’s other properties. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 49, lines 27–31; page 50, line 25 to page 51,
line 5.

Apart from official documents which required Dr Chiang’s signature, such as
tenancy agreements, the documentary evidence tendered by the defendants 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DBAEIC at 108–509.

do not show any material involvement on the part of Dr Chiang. Even when Dr
Chiang was included as the recipient of some of the emails, Mr Chiang would be
the one responding. In certain invoices addressed to Dr Chiang, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DBAEIC at 111–115.

it is clear that Dr Chiang was billed by virtue of the fact that he was the
registered proprietor of 11 Martaban, as these invoices are accompanied by
emails between Mr Chiang and other parties, such as the property agent,
regarding the subject-matter of the invoices.

89 It is apparent that Mr Chiang was substantially involved with 11 Martaban
and made many decisions regarding the property without the input or approval
of Dr Chiang. Mr Chiang also referred to himself as the “landlord” and
“homeowner” in contemporaneous communication records. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

1AB at 484; 518–519.

I note that there was an exchange of messages between Mr Chiang and the
property agent, Ms Loh, regarding a cheque to be issued to Ms Loh by Dr Chiang
for Ms Loh’s commission. In that conversation, Ms Loh told Mr Chiang that she
would “have to ask [Dr Chiang] for another $110”. This sum was expanded to
rectify electrical wiring issues at the property. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1AB at 576–577.

Neither Ms Tan nor the defendants have alluded to this particular aspect of
the documentary evidence, which appears indicative of Dr Chiang’s involvement.
It may be that Dr Chiang issued the cheques in his name because he was the
registered proprietor and was subsequently reimbursed by Mr Chiang.
Regardless, even if I were to accept that Dr Chiang had paid the commission
using his own money, this does not change my finding above that Mr Chiang was
primarily involved in the management of 11 Martaban, in contrast with Dr
Chiang’s limited involvement.

90 In any event, the defendants’ own witness, Ms Loh, confirmed that Mr Chiang
was the “landlord” whom she was reporting to at the material time. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript, 9 May 2023, page 47, lines 8–16.

In particular, as regards a suit involving a former tenant of 11 Martaban, Ms
Loh testified that she took instructions from Mr Chiang, the “landlord” and
did not speak to Dr Chiang at all. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript, 9 May 2023, page 48, lines 12–32.

Although Ms Loh sought to explain that Dr Chiang was not involved in relation
to the legal dispute with the tenant, as “[he was] old and maybe these things
may disturb him”, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcript, 9 May 2023, page 48, line 11.

this only reinforces the narrative that Mr Chiang, and not Dr Chiang, was
primarily involved with the management and upkeep of 11 Martaban. This
explanation of Ms Loh would be helpful to the defendants if, for instance, the
evidence pointed to Dr Chiang bearing primary responsibility for the property
but abruptly ceased being involved in relation to the lawsuit. That, however,
was not the case.

91 While there is nothing inherently suspect for a son to manage his elderly
father’s property, it is common ground that the father in the present case
owned multiple properties. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript, 4 May 2023, page 7, line 19 to page 8, line 23.

In this regard, the defendants have failed to provide any evidence of Mr
Chiang’s management of Dr Chiang’s other properties. Nor do they even claim
that Mr Chiang had done so. It is in this context that I find it strange that
Mr Chiang was intimately involved in 11 Martaban even though it was, according
to the defendants, Dr Chiang’s property. This can only reinforce my view (at
[66] above) that the Gift Narrative should be rejected.

92 By the above, there is no doubt that Mr Chiang was intimately involved in
the management of 11 Martaban following its acquisition. Indeed, Ms Tan does
not dispute this – her dispute is that she, too, was deeply involved with Mr
Chiang. With this in mind, I turn to Ms Tan’s involvement. In my view, the
evidence shows that Ms Tan had at least some involvement in relation to 11
Martaban, although she was not as involved as Mr Chiang. I do not accept the
defendants’ contention that the property was primarily managed by Mr Chiang’s
property agents and Ms Tan was only a replacement when Mr Chiang was
unavailable to deal with the property. I explain.

93 First, Ms Tan has adduced the following documentary evidence evidencing her
involvement in the management of 11 Martaban:

(a) A reply from Ms Tan to Mr Chiang via email on 9 February 2012. Mr Chiang
asked Ms Tan about her thoughts on the tenant’s proposal to lower the rent of
11 Martaban by $200 a month if he were to renew the lease for two years. Ms
Tan responded by asking Mr Chiang to negotiate to reduce the rent by $100 a
month instead. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PBAEIC at 159–160.

(b) An email from Ms Tan to Mr Kwang, the Chiang family property agent (with
Mr Chiang copied), where Ms Tan amended the terms of a tenancy agreement in
April 2016. Ms Tan was also copied in other emails (along with Dr Chiang) in
that particular email chain between Mr Kwang and Mr Chiang. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PBAEIC at 169–173.

(c) An email dated 5 January 2015 from a representative of Greenwich Contracts
Pte Ltd to Ms Tan only, stating, “Hi Miss Sabrina [s]ee attached”. Ms Tan
forwarded this email to Mr Chiang, stating, “Pls see attached photos babes.
1st 2 photos are before the waterproofing. Doesn't look like work was done
before my guy went up but photo not clear.” 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PBAEIC at 175.

The defendants have not challenged the authenticity or accuracy of these
documents. I accept these documents as proof of Ms Tan’s involvement in the
management of 11 Martaban following its acquisition.

94 Not only was Ms Tan’s involvement apparent from the evidence she has
tendered, the following documentary evidence, adduced by the defendants, also
evidences Ms Tan’s involvement. First, the chain of WhatsApp messages between
Mr Chiang and Ms Loh in December 2019 reveals the following: 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

1AB at 571–572.

Sabrina is not well and has been on overseas wellness retreat for almost 5
plus month. Number 11 has not been looked after. Is it possible for me get Mr
Tay to go maintain the house pls? He will need a locksmith to remove the lock
as only Sabrina has the key. I will of course pay for his time and costs. …

…

[A]bout 5 months ago Sabrina and family friend de-weeded the house, cleaned up
to a decent level Number 11.

95 From the above, clearly, it cannot be said that Ms Tan had no involvement
whatsoever. In fact, the messages show that Ms Tan had the keys to 11
Martaban, and nobody else could access it while she was away. Curiously, Dr
Chiang, as the supposed owner of the property, did not have any means of
accessing 11 Martaban; otherwise, Mr Chiang could simply obtain a set of keys
from Dr Chiang to enter the property.

96 Second, in an email dated 20 June 2016 from Ms Loh to Mr Chiang about the
installation of lights and painting works in 11 Martaban, Ms Loh stated: 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DBAEIC at 215.

… What colour would you all prefer to paint? I prefer it white like the rest
but Sabrina says that it will look too similar to the rest, and no more
character. So for your advise please.

This again underscores Ms Tan’s involvement. Ms Tan’s involvement was also
corroborated by her mother, Mdm Lee, who testified that she helped Ms Tan
clean the house. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript, 3 May 2023, page 75, lines 19–23.

Although counsel for the defendants took issue with other aspects of Mdm Lee’s
testimony, this aspect of her testimony remains unchallenged.

97 By the above, I am of the view that, like her involvement before and during
the acquisition, Ms Tan continued to involve herself in the management of 11
Martaban following its acquisition. This stands in contrast to Dr Chiang’s
limited role.

Whether there is sufficient and compelling evidence of a common intention
trust

98 Before I draw together all the different strands of evidence, I return to
what I stated at [34] above. There must be sufficient and compelling evidence
before a common intention may be found as to how the beneficial interest of a
property is to be held. I also pointed out that Ms Tan has relied only on
circumstantial, and not direct evidence, in asserting a common intention
constructive trust (at [35] above). For completeness, I note that Ms Tan
claims that after the signing of the Sale and Purchase Agreement for 11
Martaban, the Couple popped a bottle of champagne and thanked Dr Chiang for
making their dream come true. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PBAEIC at 23–24, para 75.

She also said that she personally thanked Dr Chiang for helping Mr Chiang and
her with the $300,000 shortfall. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PCS at para 37.

However, Ms Tan stopped short of saying there was any clear communication that
the property would be held for the Couple.

99 In the discussion above, I have found that the Couple desired to own a
shophouse, but that they were unable to purchase 11 Martaban in their own
names. I have also found that compared to Dr Chiang, Ms Tan’s involvement in
the property’s acquisition and subsequent affairs was considerable. However,
viewed collectively, such evidence remains insufficient for me to find, on a
balance of probabilities, that the Alleged Arrangement exists. In particular,
the conduct of the three parties (before, during and after the acquisition) is
equally consistent with the eventual outcome that I reach in this case (see
[112]–[114] below).

100 Although I have rejected the Gift Narrative and found that Dr Chiang’s
involvement in what was supposedly his property was minimal, these
deficiencies cannot be used to fill up gaps in Ms Tan’s case of the existence
of the Alleged Arrangement. I have also found that the financial contributions
to the property fail to support the Alleged Arrangement (see [67]–[77] above),
and that the 2014 Will and the 2 April 2019 Email point against such a finding
(see [79]–[85] above). In fact, these aspects are more consistent with the
eventual outcome that I reach in this case (see [112]–[114] below).

101 For the foregoing reasons, I find that Ms Tan has not established the
existence of the Alleged Arrangement. Her claim of a common intention
constructive trust for the benefit of the Couple, therefore, fails.

Whether a resulting trust has arisen

The applicable legal principles

102 To reiterate, a presumption of resulting trust may arise when a person
makes a voluntary contribution (wholly or in part) to the purchase price of a
property which was vested in another (Lau Siew Kim at [34]; Chan Yuen Lan at
[36]). As a resulting trust crystallises at the point in which the property in
question was acquired, the quantification of each party’s share of the
beneficial interest in the property is determined by his or her “direct”
contribution to the purchase price of the property (Lau Siew Kim at
[112]–[113]). Such “direct” contributions include the sums borrowed by a
mortgagor to be used for the purchase and subsequent payments of the mortgage
instalments (by a person other than the mortgagor) made pursuant to an
agreement between the parties at the time the mortgage was taken out (Lau Siew
Kim at [115]–[117]; Su Emmanuel at [87]–[89]).

103 To recapitulate, Mr Chiang and Dr Chiang paid approximately $520,000 and
$300,000, respectively, to the downpayment of 11 Martaban. The remaining
purchase price was financed by a Mortgage of $1,280,000 taken out in Mr
Chiang’s sole name (see [8] above). As I have rejected the Gift Narrative as
an afterthought, there is an absence of evidence pointing to a clear intention
on the part of Mr Chiang to benefit Dr Chiang. Therefore, it is appropriate to
invoke the presumption of resulting trust (Chan Yuen Lan at [51]–[52]; Su
Emmanuel at [79]).

Analysis

Whether Dr Chiang’s contribution of $300,000 was a loan

104 In relation to claims based on resulting trust, ie, the First Alternative
Case and the Second Alternative Case, Ms Tan’s position is that Dr Chiang’s
contribution of $300,000 was a loan to the Couple (see [16] above). However,
as stated above (at [68]), I do not accept that, on balance, Dr Chiang’s
contribution of $300,000 to the property’s downpayment was a loan to the
Couple. In the absence of any other position by Ms Tan, as Ms Tan accepts,
this amount would be treated as Dr Chiang’s personal contribution towards the
property in his name. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PRCS at para 31(a).

Whether Mr Chiang’s financial contributions were made on behalf of the Couple

105 As set out at [16] above, the First Alternative Case is premised on Mr
Chiang’s contributions being attributed to the Couple, thereby giving rise to
the resulting trust in favour of the Couple.

106 However, as I have discussed at [77] above, Ms Tan did not contribute to
any part of the purchase price of 11 Martaban or towards the repayments of the
Mortgage. All the financial contributions were made directly by Mr Chiang. The
question which sometimes arises, as to how to treat subsequent payments of
mortgage instalments, is irrelevant here because there is no suggestion that
any party other than Mr Chiang agreed to make or made any of the subsequent
mortgage repayments.

107 Before me, there was simply no concrete evidence showing that Mr Chiang
made the financial contributions on the Couple’s behalf. I accepted (at [39]
above) that at the material time, the Couple were in a serious relationship
and made some joint financial decisions. However, they did not manage all
their finances jointly. Without any more evidence that these substantial
contributions were made on the Couple’s behalf, the bare assertion by Ms Tan
does not suffice. In fact, I note that for the Pinnacle Flat (which was meant
to be the matrimonial home), Ms Tan made direct financial contributions on her
own, and did not appear to rely on Mr Chiang to pay on her behalf.
Accordingly, I find that Mr Chiang’s financial contributions towards the
property were his own. This means that the First Alternative Case is not made
out.

The defendants’ respective financial contributions

108 By the above, the respective financial contributions by Mr Chiang and Dr
Chiang (as set out at [8]) would give rise to the following beneficial
interests in 11 Martaban under a presumed resulting trust:

Direct financial contributions  
---  
S/No.| Contribution| Value| Proportion (%)  
Mr Chiang’s contributions  
1| Downpayment| $520,000|  
2| Liability incurred for the Mortgage| $1,280,000|  
| Sub-total| $1,800,000| 85.71%  
Dr Chiang’s contributions  
3| Downpayment | $300,000|   
| Sub-total| $300,000| 14.29%  
| Total| $2,100,000| 100.00%  
  
109 Ms Tan used the same figures for computation. However, she has arrived at
85.72% and 14.28%. There is a negligible difference of 0.01%, which I surmise
arises from Ms Tan rounding up the percentage of Mr Chiang’s contribution as
against Dr Chiang. I will, therefore, use the proportions of 85.71% and
14.29%.

110 A presumption of resulting trust may be rebutted by evidence to the
contrary (Lau Siew Kim at [36]). It may also be rebutted by the presumption of
advancement (Lau Siew Kim at [57]; Chan Yuen Lan at [160(e)]), which arises as
a consequence of a pre-existing relationship between the parties to the
acquisition, where the contributor is regarded as morally obliged to provide
for the person benefiting (Lau Siew Kim at [58]). However, contributions from
child to father, as is the case here, do not fall within a recognised category
that may attract the presumption of advancement. Indeed, equity does not
readily presume that children generally intend to make gifts to their parents:
Ang Hai San Henry v Ang Bee Lin Elizabeth and another [2010] SGHC 353 at [8].
Accordingly, the presumption of advancement does not arise in favour of Dr
Chiang. As I have rejected the Gift Narrative, the presumption of resulting
trust, which has arisen in the present case, remains unrebutted.

Conclusion

111 To sum up, I reject Ms Tan’s claim that 11 Martaban belongs to the Couple,
and I also disbelieve the defendants’ claim that the property is an outright
gift by Mr Chiang to Dr Chiang.

112 Based on the available evidence before me, it appears to me that this was
what happened. In happier times, the Couple desired to own a shophouse, but
they were unable to purchase 11 Martaban in their own names. Dr Chiang stepped
in to assist by allowing the property to be registered in his name. Mr Chiang
was to pay for the property, and he would be the beneficial owner of the
property. In relation to Ms Tan’s interests, nothing was expressly agreed
upon. She was not expected to, and did not, contribute financially. However,
given that she was about to marry Mr Chiang, Ms Tan did not object to the
arrangement. In fact, Ms Tan was willing to be involved in the acquisition of
the property and in taking care of the property after its purchase. After all,
it would be Mr Chiang’s asset. As it transpired, Mr Chiang was short of funds,
and Dr Chiang contributed towards the downpayment of the property. While this
gained Dr Chiang a small beneficial interest in the property, it was not meant
to be an outright gift to him.

113 By all of the above, Ms Tan’s claims that the Couple is jointly entitled
to the full beneficial interest of 11 Martaban under a common constructive
trust or resulting trust are dismissed for insufficiency of evidence.

114 Given that Mr Chiang contributed 85.71% towards the purchase price of 11
Martaban, I make a declaration that Dr Chiang holds 85.71% of the beneficial
interest in the property on behalf of Mr Chiang under a resulting trust. For
the avoidance of doubt, Dr Chiang is the beneficial owner of 14.29% of the
property.

115 As I stated at [12] above, Ms Tan and Mr Chiang are engaged in ongoing
divorce proceedings. Whether Mr Chiang’s beneficial interest in 85.71% of 11
Martaban forms part of the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided now falls
to be determined in those proceedings.

116 Parties are to file their submissions on costs within two weeks of this
judgment.

Hoo Sheau Peng-  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ho Pei Shien Melanie, Gavin Neo Jia Cheng and

Khoo Kiah Min Jolyn (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

See Chern Yang and Chan Yun Wen Charmaine (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Sep 2023 (12:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

