Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 127

Suit No 233 of 2020

Between

(1)| Hector Finance Group Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Huizhou Xinsheng Paper Industry Co. Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Chan Chew Keak  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Companies — Directors — Duties]

[Tort — Conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hector Finance Group Ltd and another

  
v

  

Chan Chew Keak

[2023] SGHC 127

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 233 of 2020  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
12–15, 19–22, 26–29 July, 2–5 August, 28 November 2022

26 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 In 2019, at a time when the defendant was a director of both plaintiffs, he
caused the second plaintiff to enter into two loan agreements under which the
second plaintiff advanced RMB 14m to a third party. The third party has
refused to repay the advance 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 120 lines 7–21.

and is now uncontactable. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 26 July 2022 at p 32 lines 6–8; Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 52
line 20 to p 53 line 14.

2 The plaintiffs’ primary case in this action is that the defendant caused the
second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements in breach of the duty of
fidelity and the duty of diligence that he owed to each plaintiff. The
plaintiffs’ alternative case is that the defendant did so as part of a
conspiracy between him and the third party who received the advance.

3 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I accept that
the defendant breached the duty of diligence that he owed to the second
plaintiff by causing it to enter into the loan agreements. But I do not accept
that the defendant breached the duty of fidelity that he owed to either
plaintiff by doing so. I also do not accept that he did so as part of a
conspiracy with the third party as the plaintiffs allege or at all.

4 I now set out my reasons for reaching these conclusions.

The parties

The first plaintiff

5 The first plaintiff is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
(“the BVI”) in May 2005. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 10 December 2021 (“SOC”) at para 1;
Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 17 February 2022 (“Defence”) at para 3; Chan
Chew Keak’s affidavit of evidence in chief dated 7 February 2022 (“CCK AEIC”)
at para 9.

It was established to invest in corrugated paper box plants producing
container packaging in the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC”) and
Southeast Asia. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CCK AEIC at para 9.

The first plaintiff is now the ultimate holding company of a group of
companies that produce and sell paper products and container packaging in the
PRC and Southeast Asia (“the Group”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 2; Defence at para 3.

6 Over 70% of the shares in the first plaintiff are owned and controlled by
four men: (a) the defendant; (b) Siong Beng Seng (“Mr Siong”); (c) Edward
Ching Hui Huat (“Mr Ching”); and (d) Keith Tay Ah Kee (“Mr Tay”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 12; CCK AEIC at para 10; Siong Beng Seng’s affidavit of evidence
in chief dated 7 February 2022 (“SBS AEIC”) at para 7.

7 The defendant has an interest in at least 20% of the shares in the first
plaintiff. He holds this interest through a company incorporated in the BVI
known as Caldicott Worldwide Ltd (“Caldicott”). Caldicott owns 40% of the
shares in the first plaintiff. The defendant in turn owns 50% of the shares in
Caldicott. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 7; Defence at para 5; CCK AEIC at para 10.

I say that the defendant has an interest in at least 20% of the first
plaintiff because there is some suggestion that he in fact owns all of the
shares in Caldicott, not just 50% of those shares. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SBS AEIC at paras 7(a) and 9; Ching Hui Huat (Edward)’s affidavit of evidence
in chief dated 10 February 2022 (“CHH AEIC”) at paras 11–12 (1 BAEIC at p
203–204); SBS AEIC at para 12 (1 BAEIC at p 12).

If that is correct, the defendant has an interest in 40% of the shares in the
first plaintiff. That would make the defendant the single largest shareholder
of the first plaintiff and thereby of the Group.

8 Mr Siong owns 23% of the shares in the first plaintiff. He is an engineer by
training. He has worked in the packaging industry since 1981. In that time, he
has worked in a variety of roles in three corporate groups, including the
Group. For the majority of his career – from 1981 to 1992 and then again from
2006 to 2019 – Mr Siong reported to the defendant either directly or
indirectly. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SBS AEIC at para 2.

9 Mr Ching owns 16% of the shares in the first plaintiff. He holds a masters
degree in business administration. He has worked in the packaging industry
since 1995 in two corporate groups, including the Group. For the entirety of
his career, at least until 2019, Mr Ching reported to the defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CHH AEIC at para 2.

10 Mr Tay has an interest in 14% of the shares in the first plaintiff. He
holds this interest through a company incorporated in Singapore known as
Springfield Investments & Nominees Pte Ltd (“Springfield”). Springfield owns
14% of the shares in the first plaintiff. Mr Tay is the beneficial owner of
all of the shares in Springfield. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CCK AEIC at para 10; Tay Ah Kee (Keith)’s affidavit of evidence in chief dated
7 February 2022 (“TAKK AEIC”) at para 5.

He is an accountant by training and was managing partner of the Singapore
office of an international accounting practice from 1984 to 1993. He has also
served as a director of several prominent public and private companies. His
relationship to the first plaintiff and the Group, at least until 2020, was
purely as an investor. He has no background in the packaging industry and has
never reported to the defendant at any time or any capacity.

11 Six minority shareholders own the remaining 7% or so of the shares in the
first plaintiff. The identity and shareholding of these shareholders is not
relevant to this action. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SBS AEIC at para 7(c).

But the existence of these minority shareholders does mean that the interests
of the first plaintiff as a whole are not co-extensive with the interests of
its four major shareholders.

The second plaintiff

12 The second plaintiff is a company incorporated in the PRC in August 2018.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CCK AEIC at para 61.

It is a member of the Group. Its ultimate holding company is therefore the
first plaintiff. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 10 December 2021 (“SOC”) at paras 3
and 4; Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 17 February 2022 (“Defence”) at para 3.

13 There are two intermediate holding companies between the first plaintiff
and the second plaintiff. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 4; Defence at para 3.

A Hong Kong company, AMB Interpac Containers Guangdong Ltd (“AMBHK”), is a
wholly owned subsidiary of the first plaintiff. A PRC company with almost the
same name, AMB Interpac Containers (Guangdong) Ltd (“AMBDG”), is a wholly
owned subsidiary of AMBHK. The second plaintiff is a wholly owned subsidiary
of AMBDG.

The defendant

14 The defendant is a Singapore citizen and resident. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 5; Defence at para 3.

He is an engineer by training. He also holds a masters degree in business
administration. He has decades of experience in the packaging industry.

Background to the dispute

Management of the plaintiffs

15 Mr Ching has been a director of the first plaintiff since it was
incorporated in 2005. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CHH AEIC at para 2.

Mr Siong has been a director of the first plaintiff since 2010. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SBS AEIC para 2; CCK AEIC at para 11(c).

Mr Tay has been a director of the first plaintiff since 2018. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Kenneth Chan Kwok Wei’s affidavit of evidence in chief dated 7 February 2022
(“KC AEIC”) at para 7.

The defendant was a director of the first plaintiff from 2018 until he was
removed from that position in 2020. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence at para 4; Reply (Amendment No. 1) dated 3 March 2022 at para 3; CCK
AEIC para 222.

16 The defendant was the sole legal representative and director of the second
plaintiff from its incorporation in 2018 until he was removed from those
positions in 2019. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at paras 6 and 10; Defence at para 4(a)(ii); CCK AEIC at paras 14 and 67.

17 The defendant’s removal from his positions in both plaintiffs was the
result of the broader dispute between the parties that led Caldicott to
commence minority oppression proceedings against Mr Siong, Mr Ching,
Springfield and the first plaintiff in the BVI in December 2019 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CCK AEIC at paras 217–224.

and which also led to the plaintiffs commencing this action in March 2020.

18 At all material times, Mr Siong and Mr Ching have been jointly responsible
for the day-to-day management of the first plaintiff and of the Group. Mr Tay
has never been involved in the day-to-day management of the first plaintiff or
of the Group.

19 The defendant played an anomalous role in the management of the first
plaintiff and the Group. The role he played did not arise from any formal
appointment. Instead, his role arose from the unique interpersonal working
dynamic between the defendant on the one hand and Mr Siong and Mr Ching on the
other.

The interpersonal working dynamic

20 It is clear from the evidence that, at all material times and at a very
high level, the defendant exercised ultimate management control over the first
plaintiff and the Group. This was the position from the outset, ie, from the
time the first plaintiff was incorporated in 2005, and well before the
defendant was appointed a director of the first plaintiff for the first time
in June 2018. It stopped only when disputes arose between the first
plaintiff’s four major shareholders in July 2019. The defendant was able to
arrogate this role to himself, not through any appointment to any office or
any right under any contract, but through the sheer force of his own
personality combined with Mr Siong’s and Mr Ching’s deference and
acquiescence.

21 From the first plaintiff’s incorporation in 2005 until disputes arose
between the four major shareholders in 2019, the defendant styled himself
internally and held himself out externally as the Chairman of the first
plaintiff and of the Group. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SBS AEIC at para 12.

He adopted this title even though the first plaintiff had never conferred it
upon him and even when he was not a director of the first plaintiff.

22 From 2005 until 2019, the defendant instructed and ordered Mr Siong and Mr
Ching as to how to manage the business of first plaintiff and of the Group in
terms of overall direction and strategy. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SBS AEIC at para 10 (1 BAEIC p11).

He felt entitled to take this approach because of his seniority (both in age
and in experience in the packaging business), his working relationship with Mr
Siong and Mr Ching as his subordinates in their previous employment, and
because he considered himself, through Caldicott, to be the single largest
shareholder in the first plaintiff. He even threatened to remove Mr Siong and
Mr Ching as directors of the first plaintiff if they disobeyed his
instructions and orders. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SBS AEIC at paras 13–14, 17 and 146; CHH AEIC at paras 13–16, 30 and 116.

23 Mr Siong and Mr Ching perceived the defendant’s conduct as domineering and
oppressive. Despite this, they did not oppose him. They simply did his
bidding. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SBS AEIC at para 17 (1 BAEIC at p 14).

They accepted and acquiesced in his exercise of ultimate management control
without question. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SBS AEIC at para 11 (1 BAEIC at p 12); CHH AEIC at paras 11–13 (1 BAEIC at p
203–204).

They did so out of deference to the defendant, out of a desire to avoid
conflict with the defendant and out of a real fear that the defendant would
persuade Mr Tay to vote together with him to remove them as directors of the
first plaintiff. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CHH AEIC at para 16 (1 BAEIC at p 205).

A sheet board plant is proposed

24 It was against the background of this interpersonal working dynamic that,
in late 2017, the defendant told Mr Siong, Mr Ching and Mr Tay that the Group
should invest in a new sheet board plant in the PRC. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC at para 12; Defence at paras 9(b) and 10.

An investment in a sheet board plant was a departure from the Group’s existing
business, which was in box plants only. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SBS AEIC at para 73; Transcript, 28 July 2022 at p 75 lines 17–19.

It is common ground that there is a material difference between a box plant
and a sheet board plant, between the business models of the two types of plant
and between the management considerations involved in setting up and running
both types of plant. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 20 line 7 to p 21 line 1; Transcript, 28 July
2022 at p 63 lines 10–12; DCS at para 125.

25 The investment in a sheet board plant was discussed at meetings held in
February 2018 in Dongguan (“the February 2018 Meeting”) and April 2018 in
Singapore (“the April 2018 Meeting”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence at paras 10(i) and 11(g).

A key issue in contention between the parties is the nature and outcome of
these meetings. In particular, it is hotly contested whether these meetings
sufficed, both in fact and in law, to approve the steps that the defendant
took to set up a sheet board plant.

The defendant takes three steps to set up a sheet board plant

26 The defendant took three such steps between August 2018 and January 2019.

27 First, in August 2018, the defendant caused AMBDG to incorporate two wholly
owned subsidiaries in the PRC: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC at para 13; Defence at para 9.

(a) the second plaintiff; and (b) a company known as Huizhou Shengjia Industry
Co. Ltd (“Huizhou SJ”). The second plaintiff was to be the operating company
for a sheet board plant. Huizhou SJ was to be the automation company for a
sheet board plant.

28 Second, in September 2018, the defendant caused AMBDG to purchase equipment
for a sheet board plant. AMBDG thus entered into a contract with BHS
Corrugated Machinery (Shanghai) Co. Ltd (“BHS”) to purchase a corrugator at a
price of RMB 31m (“the BHS Contract”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC at para 15; Defence at para 14(a).

Two weeks later, on 18 September 2018, AMBDG paid RMB 9.3m to BHS as a deposit
for the corrugator. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at para 16; Defence at para 14(a).

29 Third, in January 2019, the defendant caused AMBDG to transfer RMB 30m to
the second plaintiff to be used to set up a sheet board plant. The defendant
emailed Mr Siong and Mr Ching on 10 January 2019 (“the January 2019 Email”) 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 17; Defence at para 18; 4CB 2563.

to tell them that he had “more or less” identified land in Huizhou for a sheet
board plant. To this end, he asked that AMBDG transfer RMB 30m to the second
plaintiff for four purposes:

(a) to repay AMBDG the sum of RMB 10m for the deposit it had paid to BHS for
the corrugator;

(b) to pay Huizhou SJ the sum of RMB 5m as a deposit for the purchase of
automation equipment for the second plaintiff;

(c) to pay the sum of RMB 10m as a deposit for the purchase of land in the
district of Huizhou in the PRC; and

(d) to leave the second plaintiff with the sum of RMB 5m for what the
defendant characterised as “some minor expenses”.

As a result of the January 2019 Email, AMBDG transferred RMB 30m to the second
plaintiff in January 2019. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at para 18; Defence at para 19(a)(i).

The defendant causes the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements

30 In the first quarter of 2019, the defendant caused the second plaintiff to
enter into the two loan agreements which are the subject matter of this
action. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at para 24; Defence at para 23(a).

Under the loan agreements, the second plaintiff transferred RMB 14m out of the
RMB 30m which it had received from AMBDG in January 2019 to a third party, Li
Yuanchang (“Mr Li”).

31 The second plaintiff entered into the first loan agreement with Mr Li in
January 2019. Under this agreement, the second plaintiff agreed to lend Mr Li
the sum of RMB 10m for “land purchase at industrial park”. The loan was at an
interest rate of 3% per annum over a two-year term, from January 2019 to
January 2021. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC at para 24(d); Defence at para 34.

On the same day, the second plaintiff transferred the RMB 10m to Mr Li. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC at para 24(e); Defence at para 36.

32 The second plaintiff entered into the second loan agreement with Mr Li in
March 2019. Under this agreement, the second plaintiff agreed to lend Mr Li
the sum of RMB 4m, again for “land purchase at industrial park”. The loan was
again at an interest rate of 3% per annum and again for a two-year term, this
time from March 2019 to March 2021. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC at para 24(f); Defence at para 37.

On the same day, the second plaintiff transferred the RMB 4m to Mr Li. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC at para 24(g); Defence at para 39.

The first plaintiff votes not to proceed with any sheet board plant

33 In July 2019, the first plaintiff’s directors resolved that the Group
should not proceed with any investment in a sheet board plant. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SBS AEIC at para 183; CCK AEIC at paras 159 and 167(k).

The defendant voted against the resolution. In light of this resolution, the
defendant asked Mr Li to repay the loans. Mr Li refused to do so. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 119 line 24 to p 120 line 21.

34 In October 2019, Mr Li made two payments totalling RMB 150,000 against the
interest payable under the two loan agreements. Apart from this sum of RMB
150,000, Mr Li has not paid any part of the interest due on the loans, let
alone any part of the principal. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Lock Man Pan’s affidavit of evidence in chief dated 10 February 2022 (“PL
AEIC”) at para 109 (1 BAEIC 323).

The plaintiffs commence this action

35 Between August 2019 and January 2020, the first plaintiff invited the
defendant to make satisfactory proposals to resolve all outstanding matters
between them. These matters included recovering the RMB 14m advanced to Mr Li.
The defendant did not accept that he was liable in any way for this sum.

36 In March 2020, the plaintiffs commenced this action.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

37 In this action, the plaintiffs’ case is as follows.

38 The defendant breached the fiduciary duty and the duty of diligence that he
owed to the first plaintiff under BVI law 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at para 8.

when he:

(a) failed to apply the RMB 30m that AMBDG transferred to the second plaintiff
for the purposes set out in the January 2019 Email; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 249.

and

(b) caused the first plaintiff to take steps to set up a sheet board plant
even though he did not have the necessary approval to do so. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at para 258.

39 The defendant breached the duty of fidelity and the duty of diligence that
he owed to the second plaintiff under PRC law 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC at para 11.

when he caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements with Mr
Li. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC at para 30(a) and (b); Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 5 October
2022 (“PCS”) at para 231.

40 In the alternative, the defendant conspired with Mr Li to injure the
plaintiffs by both unlawful and lawful means. First, the defendant and Mr Li
conspired by unlawful means when they agreed that the defendant would cause
the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreement with Mr Li and transfer
RMB 14m to Mr Li in breach of the defendant’s duties of fidelity and diligence
owed to both plaintiffs. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at paras 32–35; PCS at paras 293–309.

Second, they conspired by lawful means when they agreed that the defendant
would cause the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements with Mr Li
with the predominant purpose of causing injury to the second plaintiff. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at paras 310–313.

41 The plaintiffs therefore seek the following relief against the defendant:
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS at paras 275–277.

(a) RMB 14m in damages;

(b) an order that the defendant account for the RMB 14m and all profits he has
made with that money;

(c) RMB 1.26m being the interest due but unpaid under both loan agreements
from the date of the loans up to 30 September 2022; and

(d) RMB 5.77m being expenses incurred by AMBDG in investigating and mitigating
the effects of the defendant’s breaches of duty.

The defendant’s case

42 The defendant’s case is as follows.

43 The first plaintiff has no cause of action against the defendant for the
relief it seeks in this action (see [41] above). The first plaintiff did not
advance the RMB 14m to Mr Li. The second plaintiff did. The plaintiff
accordingly has suffered no loss by reason of the loans proving irrecoverable.
Only the second plaintiff has suffered this loss. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 5 October 2022 (“DCS”) at paras 24–42.

So too, only the second plaintiff has a cause of action which can yield an
account of alleged profits which the defendant derived from the RMB 14m. The
first plaintiff has no cause of action against the defendant which can yield
that relief.

44 Further, both the first plaintiff and the second plaintiff have no cause of
action to recover the RMB 5.77m in investigation expenses. Those expenses were
incurred by AMBDG, not by either plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at para 43.

45 On the substance of the first plaintiff’s claims, the defendant did not
breach his fiduciary duty to the first plaintiff. The defendant caused the
second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements only after Mr Siong, Mr
Ching and Mr Tay had conducted themselves in such a way that the defendant was
entitled to and did honestly believe that they had agreed to set up a sheet
board plant and that that was in the first plaintiff’s best interest. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at paras 66–67 and 107.

Further, Mr Siong and Mr Ching orally agreed with the defendant: (a) to engage
Mr Li as the Group’s consultant to identify and acquire land in the PRC for a
sheet board plant; 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at para 200.

and (b) to transfer money to Mr Li in advance, to ensure that he would be able
to move quickly to acquire land for a sheet board plant once it had been
identified. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at para 232.

46 The defendant also did not breach the duty of diligence that he owed the
first plaintiff under BVI law. Causing the second plaintiff to enter into the
loan agreements with Mr Li was a course that was open to a reasonably
competent director in the defendant’s circumstances. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DCS at paras 262–268.

47 On the substance of the second plaintiff’s claims, the defendant did not
breach the duty of fidelity that he owed to the second plaintiff under PRC law
because: (a) he did not misappropriate the RMB 14m; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS at paras 275–288.

and (b) he did not require consent to cause the second plaintiff to lend money
to Mr Li. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at paras 289–302.

48 The defendant also did not breach the duty of diligence that he owed the
second plaintiff under PRC law. The plaintiffs have failed to show that a good
administrator exercising reasonable care would not have caused the second
plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 311.

49 Finally, the plaintiffs’ claim in conspiracy fails because: (a) there is no
evidence that the defendant and Mr Li “combined” to use the loan agreements to
misappropriate funds from the Group; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS at paras 342–402.

(b) there was nothing unlawful about the defendant causing the second
plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at para 403 and 312–331.

(c) it was not the defendant’s purpose at all, let alone his predominant
purpose, to injure either of the plaintiffs by causing the second plaintiff to
enter into the loan agreements; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at paras 404–425.

and (d) the first plaintiff, at least, has not in fact suffered any loss
recognisable in law arising from the second plaintiff entering into the loan
agreements. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at paras 426 and 24–34.

Issues to be determined

50 This summary of the parties’ cases gives rise to two principal issues.

51 The first principal issue is whether the defendant breached the duties he
owed as a director to either plaintiff. This principal issue raises three
subsidiary issues:

(a) Did the defendant breach his duty of fidelity to either plaintiff when he
caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements?

(b) Did the defendant breach his duty of diligence to either plaintiff when he
caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements?

(c) Did either plaintiff suffer loss in respect of any breach of duty found
against the defendant?

52 The second principal issue is whether the defendant conspired with Mr Li to
injure one or both of the plaintiffs, whether by unlawful or lawful means.

53 I take these two principal issues in turn.

The first plaintiff’s claim for breach of duty

54 I start by considering the first plaintiff’s claim against the defendant
for breach of the fiduciary duty and the duty of diligence that he owed the
first plaintiff under BVI law.

55 I accept the defendant’s submission that the first plaintiff has no
sustainable cause of action for breach of duty. This is because loss is an
essential element of this cause of action. And the first plaintiff has not
even alleged, let alone proven, that it suffered any loss as a result of the
defendant’s alleged breach of either duty.

Fiduciary duty

56 I begin with an analysis of the fiduciary duty that the defendant owed the
first plaintiff.

The first plaintiff must prove loss

57 For the first plaintiff to succeed in its claim for breach of fiduciary
duty against the defendant, it must prove that it suffered loss by reason of
the defendant’s alleged breach. That is because the first plaintiff’s claim
arises from a non-custodial breach of fiduciary duty. A company who sues a
director for a non-custodial breach of fiduciary duty must show that the
breach caused the company loss: Sim Poh Ping v Winsta Holding Pte Ltd and
another and other appeals [2020] 1 SLR 1199 (“Sim Poh Ping”) at [254(a)].

58 A non-custodial breach of fiduciary duty is a breach of fiduciary duty that
does not arise from the fiduciary’s stewardship of the assets subject to the
fiduciary obligation. A custodial breach of fiduciary duty, on the other hand,
does arise from the fiduciary’s stewardship of such assets and is the result
of “the misapplication of the principal’s funds or trust funds” (Sim Poh Ping
at [105]–[106]).

59 The first plaintiff’s case against the defendant is for a non-custodial
breach of fiduciary duty. The first plaintiff’s case is that the defendant
breached the fiduciary duty that he owed to it when he (a) failed to apply the
RMB 30m that AMBDG transferred to the second plaintiff for the purposes
specified in the January 2019 Email; and (b) caused the first plaintiff to
take steps to set up a sheet board plant without approval. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at paras 249 and 258.

60 It is undisputed that the RMB 30m in question belonged to AMBDG and not to
the first plaintiff. The first plaintiff’s claim against the defendant for
breach of fiduciary duty does not therefore arise from the defendant’s
stewardship of the first plaintiff’s assets. It arises from the defendant’s
stewardship of AMBDG’s assets. The breach of fiduciary duty that the first
plaintiff alleges against the defendant is therefore a non-custodial breach of
the duty.

61 In order to have a sustainable cause of action, therefore, the first
plaintiff must plead and prove that it suffered loss.

No allegation that the first plaintiff suffered loss

62 Despite this, the first plaintiff has not even alleged that it suffered any
loss as a result of the defendant’s alleged breach of the fiduciary duty that
he owed to it, let alone proven any such loss.

63 The first plaintiff does not make any such allegation in its pleadings. Its
only plea is a general plea: “As a result of the Defendant’s breaches of
duties…the Plaintiffs have suffered loss and damage.” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC at para 37.

This plea does not distinguish between the first plaintiff and the second
plaintiff. And it does not provide particulars as to the nature or quantum of
any loss or damage that the first plaintiff may have suffered.

64 The first plaintiff does not make any such allegation in its prayer for
relief. The prayer does not seek any relief for the alleged breaches of the
fiduciary duty that the defendant owed to the first plaintiff. The first
paragraph of the prayer simply asks for damages to be assessed for the
defendant’s breaches of fiduciary duty, again without distinguishing between
the first plaintiff and the second plaintiff and without particularising the
damage. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC at p 21.

The remaining paragraphs of the prayer, in so far as they seek relief for
breach of duty, are all directed specifically and only to relief sought by the
second plaintiff.

65 The first plaintiff does not make any such allegation even in its closing
submissions. There is no mention in the plaintiffs’ closing submissions of any
loss that the first plaintiff suffered by reason of this alleged breach of
fiduciary duty. The only position that the plaintiffs take in the closing
submissions is that the second plaintiff suffered loss and that the defendant
should be ordered to pay damages to the second plaintiff. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at paras 272–276.

The first plaintiff cannot claim AMBDG’s loss as reflective loss

66 The first plaintiff does not even allege that it suffered loss in the form
of a diminution in the value of its shareholding in AMBHK to complete its
cause of action. Even if it did so, treating that as the necessary loss would
be contrary to the reflective loss principle.

67 The reflective loss principle characterises a loss arising from a wrong
done to a company as a loss suffered only by the company and not by the
holders of shares in the company (Miao Weiguo v Tendcare Medical Group
Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tian Jian Hua Xia Medical Group Holdings
Pte Ltd) (in judicial management) and another [2022] 1 SLR 884 (“Miao Weiguo”)
at [200]). The law does not treat the company’s shareholders as having
suffered a loss even though a wrong causing loss to a company inevitably
diminishes the value of the shares in the company. As the Court of Appeal said
in Miao Weiguo (at [201]):

… when a wrong is done to the company which causes the company loss, even when
the result is a diminution in the value of the shares or a reduction in
distributions, this is not ultimately a loss that the law recognises as being
suffered by the shareholder personally. It is the company’s loss, and the
company is the proper plaintiff to pursue the claim …

[emphasis in original]

AMBDG’s loss is not the first plaintiff’s loss

68 There is also no basis for the first plaintiff to characterise AMBDG’s loss
as its own loss in order to complete its cause of action. In Goh Chan Peng and
others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
592, the Court of Appeal held that the holding company of a group of companies
cannot recover loss suffered by a subsidiary simply on the basis that, as the
group’s holding company, it was in a position to direct and control how its
subsidiaries apply cash and profits (at [70]). A subsidiary’s loss in fact
cannot be transformed into its parent’s loss in law, even if consolidated
accounts are prepared for the group as a whole. A group of companies may
function as a single economic unit. But each company in the group nevertheless
remains a legal person separate from the other companies in the group just as
much as it remains a legal person separate from a company that is not a member
of the group (at [71]). To adopt the concept of a group as a single economic
entity in order to transform a subsidiary’s loss into the parent’s loss would
be contrary to both principle and authority (at [75]).

69 In the absence of a plea and proof of loss, the first plaintiff’s cause of
action against the defendant for breach of fiduciary duty is incomplete. It
must therefore be dismissed.

Duty of diligence

70 The same analysis dictates the same result for the first plaintiff’s claim
against the defendant for breach of his duty of diligence. Loss is equally
necessary for a cause of action for breach of this duty. Equally, there is no
allegation, let alone proof, that the first plaintiff suffered any loss by
reason of any alleged breach of this duty.

71 In the absence of a plea and proof of loss, the first plaintiff’s cause of
action against the defendant for breach of the duty of diligence is equally
incomplete. It must therefore also be dismissed.

The second plaintiff’s claim for breach of duty

72 I next consider the second plaintiff’s claim against the defendant for
breach of the fiduciary duty and the duty of diligence that he owed the second
plaintiff under PRC law.

73 It is common ground that the defendant owed both a duty of fidelity and a
duty of diligence to the second plaintiff under PRC law. He owed these duties
under Article 147 of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (Order
No.15 of the President of the People's Republic of China promulgated and
effective on 26 October 2018) (“the PRC Company Law”): 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mr Liu Yiwu’s (“Mr Liu”) 1st Expert Report at para 27 (6 BAEIC 3677).

Article 147 The directors, supervisors and senior management personnel of a
company shall abide by laws, administrative regulations and the company's
articles of association. They shall be faithful and diligent to the company.

74 I begin my analysis with the duty of fidelity.

Duty of fidelity

75 Article 148 of the PRC Company Law elaborates on the general duty of
fidelity imposed by Article 147 by setting out a specific list of acts which
the duty of fidelity prohibits:

Article 148 A director or senior management person of a company is prohibited
from any of the following acts:

(a) Misappropriating the funds of the company;

(b) Opening an account in his/her own name or the name of any other individual
to deposit the funds of the company;

(c) Without the consent of the shareholders' meeting, the general meeting or
the board of directors, loaning the funds of the company to others or using
the company's property to provide guarantee for others in violation of the
company's articles of association;

(d) Concluding contracts or making deals with the company in violation of the
company's articles of association or without the consent of the shareholders'
meeting or the general meeting;

(e) Without the consent of the shareholders' meeting or the general meeting,
seeking, for the benefit of his/her own or others, any business opportunity
that belongs to the company by taking advantage of his/her powers, and
operating for his/her own or for others any business that is of the same type
with that of the company that he/she serves;

(f) Accepting, and keeping in his/her possession, commissions for the
transactions between others and the company;

(g) Disclosing the company's secrets without authorization; or

(h) Committing other acts in violation of his/her obligation of loyalty to the
company.

The income gained by the director or senior management person from any of the
acts listed in the preceding Paragraph shall belong to the company.

76 A breach of Article 148 yields for the company both a gain-based remedy and
a loss-based remedy. The gain-based remedy is found in the concluding sentence
of Article 148. That sentence renders a director who breaches Article 148
liable to account to the company for any income he has derived as a result of
the breach. The loss-based remedy is found in Article 149 of the PRC Company
Law:

Article 149 Where any director, supervisor or senior management person of a
company violates laws, administrative regulations or the company's articles of
association during the performance of duties, he/she shall be liable for
compensation if any loss is caused to the company.

77 The second plaintiff’s case is that the defendant breached three specific
prohibitions in Article 148 of the PRC Company Law:

(a) Article 148(a), which prohibits a director from misappropriating the
company’s funds;

(b) Article 148(c), which prohibits a director from lending the company’s
funds to others without the consent of the company’s shareholders or
directors; and

(c) Article 148(h), which is a catch-all provision prohibiting a director from
performing any other act which is contrary to his obligation of loyalty to the
company.

78 The second plaintiff also relies on the duty prescribed by Articles 36 and
38 of the second plaintiff’s articles of association. But these two articles
simply track the language of Article 148 of the PRC Company Law. Both parties’
PRC law experts therefore agree that these two articles are coextensive with
Article 148 of the PRC Company Law itself. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at paras 69 and 70 (6 BAEIC 3687); Dr Zhang
Guanglei’s (“Dr Zhang”) 1st Expert Report at para 19 (2 BAEIC 927).

Articles 36 and 38 of the second plaintiff’s articles of association therefore
add nothing of substance to the second plaintiff’s case against the defendant
for breach of his duty of fidelity. I need not and do not analyse separately
the second plaintiff’s claims under these two articles.

79 I now analyse in turn the three prohibitions in Article 148 of the PRC
Company Law on which the plaintiff relies.

Article 148(a) of the PRC Company Law

80 I begin with the plaintiffs’ case against the defendant under Article
148(a) of the PRC Company Law.

(1) The defendant’s expert evidence

81 The defendant’s expert is Mr Liu Yiwu (“Mr Liu”). Mr Liu is a partner in
the Beijing office of the law firm King & Wood Mallesons. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 1 (6 BAEIC 3672).

82 Mr Liu’s opinion sets out an exegesis in two limbs on the scope of a
director’s duty under Article 148(a). According to him, a director
misappropriates the company’s funds if:

(a) the director takes advantage of his powers to operate the company by
“misappropriating the company’s funds”; and

(b) he does so for his own personal interests or for the interests of an
“interested party” and not for the benefit of the company. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at paras 58–59 (6 BAEIC 3685).

According to Mr Liu, therefore, the second limb requires that the director
exercise his powers both for his own personal interest or those of an
“interested party” and for a purpose that is not for the benefit of the
company.

83 The use of the word “misappropriation” in the first limb appears to make Mr
Liu’s exegesis circular. He is attempting to explain a statutory provision
which turns on the concept of misappropriation by using the concept of
misappropriation itself. The meaning of Mr Liu’s exegesis is nevertheless
clear. I read the first limb of the exegesis as setting out what amounts to an
appropriation of the company’s funds by a director, whereas the second limb
sets out the factors which Mr Liu says turn the director’s appropriation of
those funds into a misappropriation of those funds contrary to the prohibition
in Article 148(a).

84 Mr Liu also expresses the opinion that, in considering whether an
appropriation by a director amounts to a misappropriation, a PRC court will
consider as relevant factors both whether the appropriation of the funds has
“a corresponding contractual, business basis or other purposes in line with
common commercial sense”, as well as the nature and closeness of the
relationship between the director and the transferee of the funds. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at paras 60–61 (6 BAEIC 3685).

As support for this, Mr Liu cites Interpretation of PRC Company Law and Report
on Trial Experience and Methods of Adjudication in Similar Cases
(“Interpretation of PRC Company Law”).

85 The second of these two relevant factors brings into play the concept of an
“interested party” which appears in the second limb of Mr Liu’s exegesis (see
[82(b)] above). The term “interested party” is not defined either in the PRC
Company Law or in Interpretation of PRC Company Law. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 62 (6 BAEIC 3685).

But Mr Liu cites another document, Research on Issues Concerning Disputes over
Liability for Damage to Corporate Interests issued by the Shanghai No. 1
Intermediate People’s Court (“Damage to Corporate Interests”). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 62 (6 BAEIC 3685).

This document asserts that in “trial practice”, the following categories of
persons may be considered to be “interested parties”: (a) the spouse,
relatives and friends of the director and other persons who have a close
relationship to the director; (b) the partners and agents of persons in the
first category; and (c) other companies or organisations in which the director
or the company’s senior management also hold positions.

(2) The plaintiffs’ expert evidence

86 The plaintiffs’ expert is Dr Zhang Guanglei (“Dr Zhang”). Dr Zhang is a
partner in the Beijing office of the law firm Jingtian & Gongchen. There are
only two material points of difference between Dr Zhang’s opinion and Mr Liu’s
opinion on the scope of Article 148(a).

87 First, Dr Zhang says that Mr Liu is wrong to try to constrain the
unconstrained words of Article 148(a) by reference either to Interpretation of
PRC Company Law or to Damage to Corporate Interests. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at paras 9 to 10 (2 BAEIC 1054).

These two documents, Dr Zhang says, are not sources of PRC law and are
therefore not enforceable as law in the PRC. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at paras 8 and 14 (2 BAEIC 1054–1055).

At most they are merely non-exhaustive illustrations, and are therefore not
capable under PRC law of constraining the statutory text. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at para 10 (2 BAEIC 1054).

88 Second, Dr Zhang says that Mr Liu has mistranslated the provision of
Interpretation of PRC Company Law on which he relies for the second limb of
his exegesis (see [82(b)] above). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at para 11 (2 BAEIC 1054).

According to Dr Zhang, a director misappropriates the company’s funds if:

(a) he appropriates (cf [83] above) the company’s funds; and

(b) he does so either: (i) for his own personal interests or for those of an
“interested party; or (ii) not for the benefit of the company. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at paras 11–12 (2 BAEIC 1054); Plaintiff’s Reply
Closing Submissions dated 16 November 2022 (“PRS”) at para 100.

(3) Reconciling the expert opinions

89 It appears to me that the first material point of difference between Mr Liu
and Dr Zhang’s opinions on the scope of Article 148(a) is more apparent than
real. I accept that Dr Zhang is correct when he says that the deliberately
unconstrained language of Article 148(a) cannot as a matter of law be
constrained either by non-statutory texts such as Interpretation of PRC
Company Law or by Damage to Corporate Interests. But I do not read Mr Liu’s
opinion as suggesting that it should be. Mr Liu is simply using these non-
statutory texts to predict how a PRC court is likely to interpret and apply
Article 148(a) rather than to suggest that these texts prescribe how a PRC
court must interpret and apply Article 148(a).

90 As for the second material point of difference, I do not consider it
necessary to reconcile the experts’ differing opinions. Even if I were to take
the second plaintiff’s case at its highest and adopt Dr Zhang’s disjunctive
test (see [88(b)] above) instead of Mr Liu’s conjunctive test (see [82(b)]
above), it is my view that the second plaintiff has failed to establish both
elements of Dr Zhang’s disjunctive test.

91 I have arrived at that conclusion for the following reasons.

(4) The loan agreements were for the second plaintiff’s benefit

92 The second plaintiff characterises the loan agreements as a “sham”. But the
second plaintiff does not use the word “sham” in the legal sense. A document
is a sham contract in the legal sense if it appears on its face to be a
contract creating legal rights and obligations but was executed only to give
the appearance of doing so and with no actual intention whatsoever of creating
any legal rights or obligations. A sham contract in this sense is not a
contract at all and is unenforceable as a contract given the absence of any
intention to create legal relations. (see Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina and
another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 1176 at [73]–[76]).

93 What the second plaintiff means by characterising the loan agreements as a
“sham” is merely that the agreements are not what they purport to be on their
face. They purport to be agreements by the second plaintiff to lend money to
Mr Li to enable him to identify and acquire land on the second plaintiff’s
behalf for a sheet board plant. But, the second plaintiff says, the agreements
are in truth merely a pretence for the defendant and Mr Li to conceal their
illegitimate arrangement to siphon money out of the Group and into Mr Li’s
hands, contrary to the interests of the second plaintiff. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at paras 143 and 286; PRS at para 75; Transcript, 28 November 2022 at p 16
lines 14–28; p 18 lines 20–28; p 21 lines 1–2.

94 On the second plaintiff’s case, therefore, the two loan agreements are a
sham because they in truth have nothing to do with identifying or acquiring
land for a sheet board plant. The loan agreements would, of course, be a sham
in the legal sense if both parties intended that Mr Li should never repay the
RMB 14m to the second plaintiff. But, in the sense which the second plaintiff
uses the word, the loan agreements would equally be a sham if both parties
entered into them fully intending that Mr Li should be contractually obliged
to repay the RMB 14m to the second plaintiff but for a purpose unconnected to
identifying or acquiring land for a sheet board plant. The critical factor
making it a sham, according to the second plaintiff, is that the stated
purpose for the loans is not the true purpose for the loans.

95 The defendant’s case is that the loan agreements are not a sham and were
indeed entered into for the second plaintiff’s benefit. The purpose stated for
the loans in the loan agreements was its actual purpose: for Mr Li to assist
the second plaintiff in identifying and acquiring land on the second
plaintiff’s behalf for a sheet board plant. The purpose of the first loan
agreement in January 2019 (see [31] above) was, once land had been identified,
to enable Mr Li to pay a vendor a deposit, thereby securing the right to
negotiate to acquire the land. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

CCK AEIC at para 131 (1 BAEIC 394).

The purpose of the second loan agreement in March 2019 (see [32] above) was to
allow Mr Li to pay a vendor the costs of applying to secure the necessary
zoning rights to allow the second plaintiff to use the land for a sheet board
plant. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

CCK AEIC at para 136 (1 BAEIC 397).

Further, the loan agreements protected the second plaintiff in that two
consequences would ensue if Mr Li did not use the money for the purpose for
which it was advanced. First, the second plaintiff would have documentary
evidence of the purpose of the advance. Second, Mr Li would be under a legal
obligation to repay the advance, together with interest. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

CCK AEIC at paras 131 and 136 (1 BAEIC 394–395 and 397).

96 I accept the defendant’s submission that the true purpose of the loan
agreements was its stated purpose: for Mr Li to assist the second plaintiff to
identify and acquire land in the PRC for a sheet board plant. It follows that
I do not accept the second plaintiff’s submission that the loan agreements
were a sham, in the sense that the second plaintiff uses that word. I
therefore accept that the defendant caused the second plaintiff to enter into
the loan agreements for the second plaintiff’s benefit for the purposes of the
second limb of Mr Liu’s exegesis. I say that for three reasons.

97 First, the purpose of entering into the loan agreements is clear on their
face. The loan agreements state expressly that the purpose of entering into
both agreements is “[l]and purchase at industrial park”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

4CB 2653 and 2829.

Those words are not, of course, conclusive as to the true purpose of entering
into the loan agreements. But, taken together with the defendant’s oral
evidence, they do set the starting point in the inquiry. It is the second
plaintiff’s burden to prove that the loan agreements are not what they purport
to be on their face.

98 Second, the circumstances in which the defendant caused the second
plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements lead me to accept that the stated
purpose in both loan agreements was indeed the true purpose for entering into
them. By that time, ie, the first quarter of 2019, the defendant had raised an
investment in a sheet board plant for discussion multiple times. The first
mention of a sheet board plant is on 5 December 2017, when the defendant
suggested setting one up to Mr Siong and Mr Ching. He made the suggestion in
order to address Mr Tay’s concern that the Group’s business was stagnating. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

CCK AEIC at para 18; 1CB 113–115.

The defendant expressed the view that a sheet board plant was more efficient
than a box plant in terms of producing sheet board and that most investors in
the PRC prefer to build sheet board plants instead of box plants. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

CCK AEIC at para 18.

The defendant asked Mr Ching to arrange for him to visit the top five sheet
board plants in Dongguan. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

CCK AEIC at para 19.

Mr Ching agreed. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1CB 116.

99 Following that, the defendant raised setting up a sheet board plant again
at meetings on 13 December 2017, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 30 lines 11–15; CCK AEIC at para 21; DCS at para
81.

February 2018 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

CCK AEIC at para 29; Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 58 lines 21–24, p 62 lines
10–19, p 63 lines 13–15.

and April 2018. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

SBS AEIC at paras 35 and 84.

100 At the meeting on 13 December 2017, the defendant presented to Mr Siong
and Mr Ching his preliminary analysis showing that a sheet board plant has
better returns than a box plant. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

CCK AEIC at para 21; 1CB 119–122; Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 27 lines 2–10.

Two weeks later, on 27 December 2017, the defendant sent an email to Mr Siong
saying that he “honestly” felt that the Group should “start a sheet plant” to
improve corrugator efficiency and that “[r]unning a sheet plant is the most
efficient way of producing sheet board”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

1AB 356–357.

101 In February 2018, the defendant, Mr Siong and Mr Ching met in Dongguan.
The defendant proposed setting up a sheet board plant at this meeting, saying
that the first plaintiff needed to do so in order to grow. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1CB 295; Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 58 lines 21–24, p 63 lines 16–25.

Following the meeting, the defendant circulated the minutes (“the February
2018 Minutes”) to Mr Siong, Mr Ching and Mr Tay. The minutes record the
defendant’s proposal. All three recipients replied to acknowledge receipt of
the minutes without objection to the Proposal. Mr Tay, in particular, replied
that the plan was “well written” and looked “clear enough for execution”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1CB 297.

102 I deal with the April 2018 meeting below.

103 Third, I accept the defendant’s submission that, by the time he caused the
second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements, the first plaintiff had
taken two other steps on the defendant’s instructions to advance the
investment in a sheet board plant: (a) by seeking quotations for a new
corrugator between December 2017 and May 2018; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at paras 119 and 126; PCS at para 91.

and (b) by exploring internal and external options for raising finance for the
new sheet board plant in the first half of 2018. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at paras 134–135; PCS at para 49.

For the reasons which follow, I do not accept the first plaintiffs’ submission
that it took these steps in connection with a new box plant.

104 The evidence shows that Mr Siong followed the defendant’s instructions and
sought quotations for a new corrugator between December 2017 and May 2018 from
three sources: (a) BHS; (b) a Japanese vendor; and (c) a US vendor. Mr Siong’s
evidence is that he sought these quotations for the Group’s existing box plant
business and not for a sheet board plant. But Mr Siong gave different
explanations as to where the new corrugator was to be installed. In his
affidavit of evidence in chief, he claimed that he sought the quotations to
upgrade the corrugators at the Group’s existing box plant in Singapore. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SBS AEIC at paras 121–126.

But in an email that he sent to a Japanese vendor of corrugators in December
2017, he said that the Group intended to install the new corrugator “in our
China plant next year”. When asked to explain this discrepancy in cross-
examination, Mr Siong claimed that the Group was looking for a new corrugator
for both the existing box plant in Singapore and “concurrently” for a new box
plant in Dongguan. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 24 lines 15–19; Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 44
lines 19–22.

105 This claim is not pleaded and is not supported by the contemporaneous
evidence. The email correspondence in December 2017 and the minutes of two
meetings, one in December 2017 and another in February 2018, show that the
parties were considering and discussing only a new sheet board plant in the
PRC.

106 As regards the financing that Mr Siong explored in the first half of 2018,
there is in evidence an email that he sent to the Group’s finance executives
in February 2018. In this email, he told them that the Group was “going to
make big investments in China on new plants” in order to position the Group
for an initial public offering of its shares. As a result, the Group would
need to raise bank financing. He therefore instructed them in this email to
explore the terms of such financing with four or five banks. The question is
what type of plant Mr Siong was referring to in this email.

107 Mr Siong’s evidence is that his reference in this email to “big
investments in China on new plants” was merely a reference to the Group’s
general strategy for expansion which was then focused only on “acquiring or
building more of the same box plants that the Hector group was already
operating and managing in the PRC” 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

SBS AEIC at para 73.

and not for a sheet board plant. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript, 12 July 2022 at p 91 lines 2–5.

He goes on to say that he was seeking this financing to supplement the Group’s
working capital generally. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

SBS AEIC at paras 74 and 78; CHH AEIC at para 60.

108 I do not accept Mr Siong’s evidence. I accept instead the defendant’s
evidence that he instructed Mr Siong to explore bank financing in the first
half of 2018 for a new sheet board plant in the PRC. There is no
contemporaneous evidence that the first plaintiff was, at that time,
considering upgrading an existing box plant in Singapore or setting up a new
box plant anywhere, whether in Singapore or in the PRC. Further, no such case
pleaded. Quite the opposite: all of the contemporaneous evidence shows that
the only new plant that was being discussed in 2018 and even in 2019 was a new
sheet board plant that the defendant had proposed setting up in the PRC. The
evidence also shows that Mr Siong and Mr Ching accepted, or at the very least
acquiesced in, the defendant’s proposal.

109 Having regard to the totality of the evidence, I accept on the balance of
probabilities that entering into the loan agreements was one more of the
several steps which the second plaintiff took in 2018 and 2019 to set up a new
sheet board plant in the PRC. I accept also that a sheet board plant was for
the second plaintiff’s benefit.

110 I therefore find that the defendant caused the second plaintiff to enter
into the loan agreements for the benefit of the second plaintiff for the
purposes of Article 148(a). That finding suffices in itself to defeat the
plaintiff’s claim under Article 148(a).

(5) Failure to prove benefit to an interested party

111 I find also that the second plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden
of proving that the defendant caused the second plaintiff to enter into the
loan agreements for a purpose connected to the personal interests of the
defendant or of an “interested party”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at para 287.

The plaintiffs accept that they have no evidence that the defendant himself
derived a personal benefit from the RMB 14m or any part of it. But they point
to the undisputed fact that Mr Li received the RMB 14m and rely on
circumstantial evidence to submit that Mr Li is an “interested party” as
against the defendant. I must therefore analyse the circumstantial evidence on
which the plaintiffs rely for this submission.

112 The second plaintiff’s case is that Mr Li is a close associate of the
defendant and also of one Luo Shanmei (“Ms Luo”). Both Mr Li and Ms Luo are
shareholders in China Huaxia International Holdings Ltd (“China HX”), a
company incorporated in Hong Kong. The plaintiffs assert that Mr Li and Ms Luo
often act in the defendant’s business affairs as his nominees or at his
direction. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SOC at para 24(c).

It is also the plaintiff’s case that Ms Luo is in an intimate personal
relationship with the defendant. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

SOC at para 24(b); SBS AEIC at paras 19 to 20.

113 In response, the defendant’s case is that he engaged Mr Li as a consultant
to identify and acquire land for the second plaintiff to set up a sheet board
plant and to negotiate for the land on the second plaintiff’s behalf with
local authorities. The defendant further asserts that Mr Siong and Mr Ching
agreed orally that the defendant could cause the second plaintiff to engage Mr
Li for this purpose. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

CCK AEIC at paras 79 and 81; DCS at para 65.

(A) The defendant’s relationship with Mr Li

114 I am unable to find, on the evidence before me, that Mr Li is an
“interested party” as against the defendant for the purposes of Article
148(a). The objective and contemporaneous evidence is more consistent with the
defendant’s evidence that he engaged Mr Li to assist the second plaintiff to
identify and acquire land for a sheet board plant. I rely on the following
evidence for this finding.

115 A legal opinion on the acquisition of land in the PRC issued to AMBDG by
its lawyers, Guangdong Songfang Law Firm (“GSLF”), in June 2018 records that
GSLF had assigned a lawyer to accompany, among other members of AMBDG’s staff,
“Land Consultant, Li Changyuan”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

2 CB 1335.

I accept the defendant’s submission that “Li Changyuan” is a typographical
error and is a reference to Mr Li. Mr Siong, as a director of AMBDG,
instructed GSLF to produce this opinion. Mr Siong and Mr Ching, as directors
of AMBDG, must have received this opinion. Yet neither of them objected to the
description of Mr Li or to his description as “Land Consultant”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS at para 204(a).

116 Huizhou SJ’s former General Manager, one Wu Chin Mou (“Mr Wu”), 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Wu Chin Mou’s affidavit of evidence in chief dated 25 February 2022 (“WCM
AEIC”) at para 26.

gave evidence that he met Mr Li for the first time in September 2018 at a
restaurant in Dongguan together with the defendant. The defendant told Mr Wu
that Mr Li was helping the Group to identify and acquire land in the PRC. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

WCM AEIC at para 17; DCS at para 204(b).

Further, Mr Wu gave evidence that he met Mr Li together with the defendant in
October 2018 at a potential site for acquisition. This again supports the
defendant’s case that Mr Li was engaged to identify land in the PRC for
acquisition.

117 In January 2018, Mr Ching met Mr Li at AMBDG’s factory in Liaobu, along
with Huizhou government officials in charge of land allocation. Before this
meeting, the defendant gave Mr Li’s full name to Mr Ching. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1 CB 228.

Mr Ching confirms that he gave Mr Li “tax materials” and “photocopied
certificates”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

1 CB 228.

There would be no reason for Mr Ching to do so if Mr Li had not been engaged
to identify land in the PRC for acquisition.

118 In October 2018, Mr Ching asked the defendant if it would be faster to ask
“Adviser Li Changyuan” to arrange a meeting with the secretary of the town
committee of Xiegang. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

3 CB 2020, 2053.

Again, I accept that “Li Changyuan” is a reference to Mr Li. Mr Ching would
not have described Mr Li as “Adviser” if Mr Li had not been engaged to
identify land in the PRC for acquisition and if Mr Ching did not know that to
be the case.

119 In November 2018, Mr Ching messaged the defendant that he “met Li Chanyuan
in the office as he was thought to be able to settle Xiegang’s land”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

3 CB 2057.

Mr Ching also suggested to the defendant that they check with Mr Li if he knew
of “other lands to consider”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

3 CB 2057.

Mr Ching would not have done this if Mr Li had not been engaged to identify
land in the PRC for acquisition and if Mr Ching did not know that to be the
case.

120 All of this leads me to accept the defendant’s case that he engaged Mr Li
to assist the second plaintiff to identify and acquire land for a sheet board
plant.

121 The circumstantial evidence does not warrant an inference that Mr Li was
an “interested party” as against the defendant. The second plaintiff asserts
that the engagement of Mr Li is unusual and that the unusual nature of the
engagement shows the loans did not have any “purposes in line with common
commercial sense” for the purposes of Article 148(a). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS at para 238.

To support this argument, the second plaintiff makes two points.

122 First, it points to the fact that the arrangement with Mr Li was
structured as a loan, which is quite a different transaction from a principal
putting a consultant in funds in anticipation of an acquisition. To address
this point, the defendant called an expert witness on business practices in
the PRC: Mr Huili Du Harry (“Mr Du”). Mr Du’s evidence was that it is common
practice for foreign companies who intend to acquire land in the PRC to engage
consultants to assist them in identifying and acquiring the land. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defence at para 25.

Further, according to Mr Du, it is not uncommon for a foreign investor to
transfer money to the consultant in advance so that the consultant can act
quickly to conclude an acquisition at a favourable price by paying a deposit
for the land without delay. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Mr Du’s 1st Expert Report at paras 25–30 (6 BAEIC Tab 23, pp 4153–4154).

123 But Mr Du’s evidence was unhelpful to the defendant in two respects.
First, he testified that, where a foreign investor transfers money to a
consultant in advance, the consultant will usually hold the money on trust for
the investor under an escrow, custody or other similar agreement. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Mr Du’s 1st Expert Report at para 25 (6 BAEIC Tab 23, p 4153).

It is undisputed that the loan agreements are not a similar type of agreement.
Second, the second plaintiff is not a foreign investor. It is a company
incorporated in the PRC.

124 The plaintiffs called Ms Yi Qian (“Ms Yi”) as their expert witness on
business practices in the PRC. Ms Yi picked up on this last point. She
testified that, given that the second plaintiff is not a foreign investor but
is instead a PRC company, it would have faced no difficulty in paying a
deposit to a vendor quickly and directly once the land had been identified.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Ms Yi Qian’s Supplementary Expert Report dated 16 June 2022 at para 15 (3
BAEIC Tab 16, p 1288).

There was therefore no need to engage a local intermediary like Mr Li in order
for the second plaintiff to move quickly.

125 The defendant accepts this point. He admitted during cross-examination
that the second plaintiff could have paid the deposit on its own. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 57 lines 17–19

However, he maintained that transferring the money to Mr Li in advance was
still necessary in the interests of time, given that the price of land was
rising on a daily basis. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 57 line 17 to p 58 line 1.

126 The second point that the second plaintiff relies on is that the loan
agreements do not protect its interests. The loan agreements do not provide a
mechanism for the second plaintiff to accelerate recovery of the RMB 14m in
the event that Mr Li fails to identify land for the second plaintiff to
acquire or if he does so but the transaction to acquire the land falls before
it can complete. In either of those events, the loan agreements do not allow
the second plaintiff to do anything to recover the RMB 14m from Mr Li. It
would simply have to wait for the two-year tenor of each loan to expire. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 140; Transcript, 5 August 2022 at p 29 lines 2–9.

Moreover, the 3% interest rate under the loan agreements is disadvantageous to
the second plaintiff in that it was lower than the prevailing rate at which
commercial banks in the PRC were then lending money. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at para 142; SBS AEIC at para 162(c)(ii) (1 BAEIC Tab 1, p 96).

127 I accept that the arrangement to transfer the RMB 14m in advance under a
loan agreement (as opposed to an escrow, custody or other similar agreement)
is unusual. I accept also that the loan agreements could have gone further to
protect the second plaintiff’s interests given that I have found their purpose
to be to assist the second plaintiff to act quickly in identifying and
acquiring land for a sheet board plant.

128 To my mind, however, these features are insufficient circumstantial
evidence from which to draw an inference that Mr Li was an “interested party”
as against the defendant for the purposes of Article 148(a). As Ms Yi said in
cross-examination, issues of risk management – such as a buyer’s contractual
recourse to recover money either from a third-party intermediary such as Mr Li
or from the vendor itself if a transaction to acquire land falls through
before it completes – are ultimately a matter for negotiation and agreement
between the buyer (ie, the second plaintiff), the vendor and the third party
(ie, Mr Li). 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript, 26 July 2022 at p 12 line 13 to p 13 line 5.

129 Indeed, the fact that the defendant chose to structure the second
plaintiff’s transfer of the RMB 14m to Mr Li as a loan could very well be said
to be circumstantial evidence in support of the defendant’s case, bearing in
mind that I am here considering a duty of fidelity and not a duty of
diligence. For example, the fact that it was a loan as opposed to an outright
transfer at least ensured that the second plaintiff had some legally
enforceable right to recover the RMB 14m from Mr Li. Even if this right was
exercisable only after the two-year tenor of each loan had expired, it was
better than nothing. And it may not be correct to view Mr Li’s obligation to
pay interest at only 3% per annum as a discount to the market rate. As the
defendant testified, he saw the obligation to pay interest as an incentive to
Mr Li to identify and acquire the land faster. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 82 lines 15–18.

The defendant would be unlikely to vest these legal rights in the second
plaintiff if he were so connected to Mr Li as to render Mr Li an “interested
party” as against the defendant.

130 To my mind, neither the use of loan agreements (as opposed to an escrow,
custody or other similar agreement) nor the terms of the loan agreements is
sufficient circumstantial evidence to warrant drawing the inference that the
defendant caused the second plaintiff to transfer RMB 14m to Mr Li for a
purpose connected to the interests of Mr Li as an “interested party”. These
features may at best suggest a lack of diligence, but that is not the case
against the defendant which I am now analysing.

(B) The defendant’s relationship with Ms Luo

131 As part of the circumstantial evidence connecting the defendant to Mr Li,
the plaintiffs also rely on their allegation that the defendant is in an
intimate personal relationship with Ms Luo. The defendant denies any such
relationship. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

CCK AEIC at para 72.

He maintains that Ms Luo is merely his personal secretary. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 26 July 2022 at p 66 lines 6–7.

I reject the plaintiffs’ submission on this point for three reasons.

132 First, and most importantly, there is no admissible evidence that Ms Luo
received any part of the RMB 14m, either from the second plaintiff or from Mr
Li. There is only hearsay evidence suggesting that Mr Li transferred RMB 1m to
Ms Luo. In the absence of any admissible evidence of such a transfer, Ms Luo’s
relationship to the defendant is irrelevant to whether Mr Li is an “interested
party” as against the defendant.

133 Second, even if I assume in the second plaintiff’s favour that Ms Luo did
receive some part of the RMB 14m loan from Mr Li, the plaintiffs have failed
to discharge their burden of proving a sufficiently close relationship between
the defendant and Ms Luo to render either Mr Li or Ms Luo an “interested
party” as against the defendant.

134 The second plaintiff’s basis for asserting an intimate personal
relationship between the defendant and Ms Luo is extremely thin. Mr Siong
relies on certain photographs as evidence of a romantic relationship between
the defendant and Ms Luo. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

SBS AEIC at paras 19–20 (1 BAEIC at pp 15–16).

But on any reasonable and objective view, these photographs show at most only
that the defendant and Ms Luo sometimes stood or walked next to each other.
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

SBS AEIC at exhibit SBS-29; 8CB 5324–5334.

135 When AMBHK’s and AMBDG’s financial controller, Lock Man Pan (“Mr Lock”)
was asked about the allegation that the defendant and Ms Luo were in an
intimate personal relationship, he said that if he were to speak “directly”
and be “candid”, these allegations were based on “rumours spreading in the
company”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 21 July 2022 at p 69 lines 15–16.

Even Mr Siong, the second plaintiff’s principal witness, says only that it was
his “understanding” that the defendant was in an intimate personal
relationship with Ms Luo. Rumours and understandings are not evidence. They
are no basis on which to invite a court to make a finding of fact. The second
plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden of proving that the defendant was
in an intimate personal relationship with Ms Luo.

136 Finally, if I am to have regard to inadmissible evidence to accept that Ms
Luo received part of the RMB 14m advanced to Mr Li, there is equally
inadmissible evidence that suggests that Ms Luo was acting in assisting the
second plaintiff to set up a sheet board plant in a formal capacity, ie, in
her capacity as the second plaintiff’s duly appointed supervisor. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

3 CB 1580.

For example, in August and September 2018, Ms Luo and Mr Li exchanged a number
of WeChat messages discussing the most legally advantageous and tax efficient
way to purchase land in Lilin Town for the second plaintiff. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DCS at para 219; 3 CB 1786–1807.

(C) No adverse inference

137 The plaintiffs submit that I should draw an adverse inference against the
defendant under illustration (g) to s 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) for his failure to call Mr Li and Ms Luo as witnesses at trial. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS at para 214.

For convenience, I shall refer to this provision as s 116(g).

138 Section 116(g) of the Evidence Act provides that the court may presume
“that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it”. In Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of
East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141, the Court of Appeal held (at [20]) that
whether to draw an adverse inference depends in the final analysis on the
circumstances of each case. It is not the position that an adverse inference
must be drawn against every party who fails to call a witness who can give
material evidence. No adverse inference may be drawn if there is a wholly
satisfactory explanation for the absence of the witness (at [20(d)]). Even if
the explanation is not wholly satisfactory but is at least reasonable and
credible, the adverse inference to be drawn may be reduced or annulled (at
[20(e)]).

139 Even when the court draws an adverse inference under s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act, the adverse inference drawn must be evidence that would have
been admissible if the absent witness had in fact been present and had given
that evidence; and the adverse inference drawn must also have some basis in
the admissible evidence that is before the court. When drawing an adverse
inference, the court must apply its mind to the manner in which the evidence
that is not produced is said to be unfavourable (at [23]). Further, if the
evidence that is not produced is the oral evidence of a witness who is outside
the jurisdiction of the court for reasons that are not attributable to the
relevant party, the presumption is either not raised or if raised, is rebutted
(Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 10 and 10(2) (LexisNexis) at para 120.349).

140 I decline to draw an adverse inference against the defendant that the
evidence of Ms Luo and Mr Li would have been unfavourable to his case if they
had been called as witnesses. I come to that conclusion for three reasons.

141 First, it is undisputed that Mr Li and Ms Luo are resident in the PRC.
They are therefore outside the jurisdiction of this court. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

SOC at para 24; SBS AEIC at paras 19 and 21 (1 BAEIC 15–16).

The defendant had no means by which to compel either of them to testify in
person in this action. A subpoena cannot be served on any person outside
Singapore (see O 38 r 18(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)). I consider
this in itself to be a wholly satisfactory reason for the defendant not
producing evidence from Mr Li and Ms Luo at trial.

142 Second, the defendant did make attempts to secure evidence from Ms Luo and
Mr Li at trial. But Ms Luo was unwilling to testify and Mr Li was
uncontactable. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript, 26 July 2022 at p 32 lines 6–8; Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 52
line 20 to p 53 line 14.

I accept these explanations.

143 Finally, and in any case, the defendant has produced some evidence of Ms
Luo’s and Mr Li’s correspondence. I have referred to some of this
correspondence at [136] above. This correspondence is contemporaneous with the
material events. It is therefore unlikely to have been shaped after the fact
to support any party’s case. To the extent that this correspondence is
admissible, it supports the defendant’s case. In the absence of any allegation
that this correspondence is not authentic, I consider it legitimate to have
regard to this correspondence in deciding whether to draw an adverse
inference, even if the correspondence is undoubtedly inadmissible in evidence
on the merits of the substantive dispute between the parties.

144 For all of these reasons, I am satisfied either that no adverse inference
should be drawn against the defendant under s 116(g) of the Evidence Act to
support the second plaintiff’s case that either Mr Li or Ms Luo is an
interested party as against the defendant.

(6) Conclusion on Article 148(a)

145 On the balance of probabilities, weighing the available evidence and
bearing in mind the inherent probabilities, I find that the second plaintiff
has failed to discharge its burden of proving that the defendant breached his
duty under Article 148(a) by causing the second plaintiff to enter into the
loan agreements. The plaintiffs have failed to satisfy me that the loan
agreements were a “sham” in the sense that they were merely a pretence for the
defendant and Mr Li to conceal their illegitimate arrangement to siphon money
out of the Group and into Mr Li’s hands, contrary to the interests of the
second plaintiff. The plaintiffs have also failed to satisfy me that the
defendant caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements for a
purpose which was not for the second plaintiff’s benefit or for a purpose
which was for the benefit of an interested party.

146 Accordingly, I find that the defendant did not breach the duty he owed to
the second plaintiff under Article 148(a).

Article 148(c) of the PRC Company Law

147 I now turn to consider the plaintiffs’ case against the defendant under
Article 148(c) of the PRC Company Law.

148 Article 148(c) provides as follows: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 63 (6 BAEIC 3686).

[A] director…is prohibited from any of the following acts: without the consent
of the shareholders’ meeting, the general meeting or the board of directors,
loaning the funds of the company to others … in violation of the company’s
articles of association.

The parties’ experts disagree on the proper interpretation of Article 148(c).

(1) Interpretation

149 Dr Zhang, the plaintiffs’ expert, takes the position that Article 148(c)
prohibits a director from lending the company’s funds to a third person unless
the company’s articles of association expressly permit him to do so. Where the
company’s articles are silent on such loans, the director must obtain
shareholders’ or directors’ consent before making a loan. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PCS at para 225; Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at para 25 (2 BAEIC 1057).

In support of his view, Dr Zhang cites the decision of the PRC courts in SUN
Xiaochuan v WANG Lei (Case No.: 2020 Ji 01 Min Zhong No. 9470) (“SUN
Xiaochuan”). In that case, the court held that, because a company’s articles
did not provide that a director had the power to lend company funds to others,
a director of the company should have obtained shareholders’ consent before
doing so. As the director failed to do so, the director was held to have
breached Article 148(c). 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at para 24 (2 BAEIC 1057).

150 Mr Liu, the defendant’s expert, takes the position that Article 148(c)
does not prohibit a director from lending company funds to a third person. A
director breaches Article 148(c) only if the loan is not extended in
accordance with the provisions of the company’s articles. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at para 226; Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 65 (6 BAEIC 3686).

Mr Liu relies on Interpretation of PRC Company Law, which provides as follows:
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 64 (6 BAEIC 3686); 6 BAEIC 3757.

… Loan the company’s funds or provide any guaranty to any other person by
using the company’s property in violation of the articles of association
without the consent of the shareholders’ meeting, shareholders’ assembly, or
the board of director. Such acts have not been approved in accordance with the
procedures specified in the articles of association, and may result in the
damages to the interests of the company such as related-party transactions,
therefore, such acts constitute the breach of the duty of fidelity to the
company, and shall be prohibited.

[emphasis added in underline]

151 I prefer Dr Zhang’s interpretation of Article 148(c) for two reasons.

152 First, the interpretation is supported by the PRC case law that Dr Zhang
cites. The PRC is, of course, a civil law jurisdiction. Cases are not
precedent in a civil law jurisdiction as they are in a common law jurisdiction
such as Singapore. Nevertheless, I accept that cases remain persuasive when
the PRC courts interpret PRC law. In any event, and at the very least, cases
are of value to a third party in predicting how the PRC courts will interpret
PRC law.

153 Second, I consider that the extract in Interpretation of PRC Company Law
that Mr Liu relies on in fact supports the approach in SUN Xiaochuan. The
proposition set out in the extract is that a director breaches Article 148(c)
if the company’s articles expressly specify a procedure for obtaining approval
for a loan to a third party and the director fails to comply with that
procedure. It does not follow from that proposition that, if the articles do
not expressly specify any such procedure, a director has a completely free
hand in lending the company’s funds to a third person without shareholders’ or
directors’ consent.

(2) Approval of a sheet board plant

154 I turn now to consider the substance of the second plaintiff’s claim that
the defendant breached Article 148(c). It is common ground 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 26 July 2022 at p 82 lines 2–9.

that there is a “standard operating procedure” (“SOP”) in place within the
Group that requires any significant capital expenditure or disposal of monies
by a company in the Group to be approved by the first plaintiff’s directors.
146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 94.

It is the plaintiff’s case that the defendant did not follow this SOP when he
caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements.

155 I am prepared to assume, in the second plaintiff’s favour, that Article
148(c) imposes upon the defendant an obligation which he owed to the second
plaintiff not to cause the second plaintiff to incur capital expenditure or
dispose of monies in connection with a sheet board plant without the approval
of the first plaintiff’s directors. The approval of the first plaintiff’s
directors means, in substance, the approval of Mr Siong and Mr Ching. Despite
the changes in the composition of the first plaintiff’s board of directors
during this time, no group of directors could ever have formed a majority of
the first plaintiff’s directors unless Mr Siong and Mr Ching were part of that
group.

156 The issue at hand, therefore, is whether Mr Siong and Mr Ching approved
taking steps to set up a sheet board plant in general and the second
plaintiff’s entering into the loan agreements more specifically.

157 The plaintiffs’ case on this issue is as follows. Mr Siong and Mr Ching
never approved setting up a sheet board plant. All discussions about a sheet
board plant (such as the discussions from February 2018 to July 2019) were
informal and preliminary. Moreover, the defendant did not present any
feasibility study, financial projections or capital requirements for setting
up a sheet board plant. Therefore, Mr Siong and Mr Ching could not and would
not have approved it. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCS at paras 30–33.

158 The defendant’s case on this issue is that “knowledge is the same as
approval”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript, 28 July 2022 at p 37 lines 15–18, p 73 lines 18–19.

Mr Siong and Mr Ching knew the steps that were being taken to set up a sheet
board plant. They did not object to any of those steps at or even soon after
the time they were taken. A sheet board plant was discussed and approved at
the February 2018 Meeting. Mr Siong and Mr Ching were therefore fully aware of
and approved a sheet board plant by the time of the February 2018 Meeting at
the latest. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCS at paras 100–118.

The decision to set up a sheet board plant was not itself a capital
expenditure or a disposal of monies within the meaning of the SOP. Setting up
a sheet board plant and approving the steps necessary to do so was a
“process”, not an event. And it is typical in the course of a complex
investment like this that there will be many rounds or degrees of approval.
150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DCS at paras 74 and 151.

Following the February 2018 Meeting, therefore, various steps necessary to set
up a sheet board plant were taken in anticipation of a final directors’
meeting where the first plaintiff’s directors would give their final approval
for all of the necessary capital expenditure. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

DCS at para 74.

159 To my mind, the resolution of this issue turns on what amounts to
“approval” under the SOP and whether Mr Siong’s and Mr Ching’s knowledge and
silence can amount to “approval” as the defendant claims. I find, in light of
the unique circumstances of the Group and the interpersonal working dynamic
underlying its management practices and conventions, Mr Siong’s and Mr Ching’s
knowledge and silence did amount to their approval under the SOP.

160 I have already summarised the interpersonal working dynamic between the
defendant on the one hand and Mr Siong and Mr Ching on the other (see
[20]–[23] above). To recapitulate, Mr Siong and Mr Ching gave evidence that
the defendant was a “domineering and oppressive” person 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

SBS AEIC at para 11 (1 BAEIC at p 11); CHH AEIC at para 11 (1 BAEIC at p 203).

whose management style was to divide the other directors and thereby to rule
over the Group. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

SBS AEIC at para 16 (1 BAEIC at p 14); CHH AEIC at para 11 (1 BAEIC at p 205);
TAKK AEIC at para 33 (1 BAEIC at p 146).

Mr Tay gave evidence to the same effect. Thus, it is the plaintiffs’ own case
that the defendant “[took] advantage of his seniority in age and experience”
to ensure the other directors’ obedience 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PCS at para 19; SBS AEIC at para 11 (1 BAEIC at pp 11–12); CHH AEIC at para 11
(1 BAEIC at p 203).

and that Mr Siong and Mr Ching were “conditioned to resign themselves to doing
[the defendant’s] bidding and avoiding confrontation”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS at para 19.

The plaintiffs themselves also assert that the defendant “drove a wedge”
between Mr Siong and Mr Ching on the one hand, and Mr Tay on the other hand,
and thereby convinced the former two men that Mr Tay would vote with the
defendant to allow the defendant to do as he pleased with the first plaintiff
and the Group and, if necessary, to remove Mr Siong and Mr Ching as directors
of the first plaintiff.

161 I accept this evidence of the defendant’s relationship with Mr Siong and
Mr Ching and of his autocratic and domineering management style. But seen from
the defendant’s perspective, this means that Mr Siong and Mr Ching consented
or, at the very least acquiesced, to the defendant’s exercise of ultimate
management control over the first plaintiff and the Group. Thus, Mr Siong and
Mr Ching had resigned themselves to doing the defendant’s bidding from the
time the defendant first tabled a sheet board plant for discussion until the
defendant caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements and to
advance the RMB 14m to Mr Li.

162 As I have foreshadowed, the critical event in the analysis of the
plaintiffs’ case on Article 148(c) is the February 2018 Meeting. In attendance
were the defendant, Mr Siong and Mr Ching. The February 2018 Minutes record
the key points about the discussion of a sheet board plant as follows: 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1CB 294–295.

(a) The defendant said that the Group needed to set up a sheet board plant if
the Group was to grow and aim for an initial public offering of its shares,
even though running a sheet board plant was materially different from its
current business running box plants.

(b) The defendant suggested that the Group should set up a subsidiary under
its current box plant business in China, ie, under AMBDG, to run a sheet board
business. This would make it easier for the vehicle for the new business to be
incorporated in China. The total estimated funds required to finance the new
business was around RMB 200m including working capital. Of this RMB 200m, the
defendant expected Mr Ching to free up RMB 100m from the Group’s existing
business.

(c) The defendant asked Mr Siong and Mr Ching to discuss how to finance the
new business by freeing up cash and by securing low-cost bank financing.

(d) It was agreed that all capital expenditure and disposal of monies must be
approved by the first plaintiff’s directors on its own merits, before any
assets were purchased or monies paid out.

163 The defendant drew up the February 2018 Minutes and circulated them to Mr
Siong, Mr Ching and Mr Tay. They each replied to acknowledge receipt. Mr Tay
in particular indicated that the plan was “well written” and looked “clear
enough for execution”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

1 CB 297.

I therefore find that as at February 2018, the first plaintiff’s directors
were aware of the defendant’s intention to set up a sheet board plant and
consented or, at a bare minimum, acquiesced to the defendant taking the
initial steps to do so.

164 The decision to set up a sheet board plant was further crystallised at the
April 2018 Meeting. Mr Siong, Mr Ching, Mr Tay, the defendant and Mr Kenneth
Chan Kwok Wei (“Mr Kenneth Chan”) attended this meeting. Mr Kenneth Chan is
the defendant’s son. At that time, only Mr Siong and Mr Ching were de jure
directors of the first plaintiff. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript, 28 July 2022 at p 129, line 21.

The defendant, Mr Kenneth Chan and Mr Tay were appointed directors of the
first plaintiff only later, in June 2018. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

KC AEIC at para 7.

165 The parties gave differing accounts of the nature of the April 2018
Meeting and the events at that meeting.

166 The plaintiffs’ account is as follows. The April 2018 Meeting was not a
meeting of the first plaintiff’s directors. It was not convened by a director
of the first plaintiff. No agenda was circulated ahead of the meeting. No
minutes were taken of the meeting. The meeting was nothing more than an
informal discussion amongst the five men in attendance upon Mr Ching’s return
to Singapore from the PRC. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

SBS AEIC at paras 83–84; CHH AEIC at paras 66–67.

An investment in a sheet board plant was discussed at the meeting, but only
informally. Although the defendant presented a few slides at the meeting on
the PRC market, those slides are not the same as the detailed set of slides
entitled “Hector Finance Group 5-Year Strategic Plan” which the defendant has
produced in discovery in this action. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

CHH AEIC at para 68(a).

167 The defendant’s account is as follows. The April 2018 Meeting was a
meeting of the first plaintiff’s directors. At the meeting, the defendant
presented a detailed set of slides entitled “Hector Finance Group 5-Year
Strategic Plan”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

CCK AEIC at para 39.

The slides addressed, among other things, the Group’s plan to set up two sheet
board plants in China. The defendant also presented the advantages and
disadvantages of an investment in sheet board plants and of the projected
financial returns. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

CCK AEIC at para 40.

Following the defendant’s presentation, the first plaintiff’s directors
unanimously resolved to approve a sheet board plant. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

CCK AEIC at para 41.

Their resolution is recorded in the minutes of the April 2018 meeting taken by
Mr Kenneth Chan (“the April 2018 Minutes”). 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at para 144; 2 CB 1090–1094.

168 I accept the defendant’s submission that the April 2018 Meeting was a
meeting of the directors of the first plaintiff. I further accept that the
first plaintiff’s directors approved a sheet board plant at this directors’
meeting. I arrive at these findings for three reasons.

169 First, the contemporaneous evidence supports a finding that the April 2018
Meeting was convened as a meeting of the first plaintiff’s directors. On 10
April 2018, the defendant sent an email (“the 10 April Email”) addressed to Mr
Siong, Mr Ching, Mr Tay and Mr Kenneth Chan. The 10 April Email notified the
addressees that “Hector Finance Group”, ie, the first plaintiff, would hold
“the first official meeting” of the directors. The meeting was to be held at
10.00 am on 14 April 2018 in the boardroom of AMB Packaging Pte Ltd, a Group
company incorporated in Singapore. The defendant also informed the addressees
that they, together with the defendant, were the first plaintiff’s directors
and were to attend the meeting. Mr Siong, Mr Ching and Mr Tay all responded by
email, noting or agreeing to the contents of this email without taking any
objection. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

CCK AEIC at paras 35–36; 1 CB 782–787.

170 Second, even though the defendant, Mr Tay and Mr Kenneth Chan had not been
formally appointed as directors of the first plaintiff when they attended the
April 2018 Meeting, I accept that they attended the meeting as de facto
directors within the extended definition of the term “director” in the
Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed). Section 4 of the Act defines the word
“director” as including “any person occupying the position of director of a
corporation by whatever name called and includes a person in accordance with
whose directions or instructions the directors or the majority of the
directors of a corporation are accustomed to act ….” [emphasis added]. It is
the plaintiffs’ own case that Mr Siong and Mr Ching were accustomed to act as
directors of the first plaintiff in accordance with the defendant’s
instructions. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

SBS AEIC at paras 11 and 12; CHH AEIC at para 11.

Indeed, it is the plaintiffs’ own case that the defendant held himself out as
the de facto Chairman of the Group even before he was appointed a de jure
director of the first plaintiff and gave instructions and orders to Mr Siong
and Mr Ching concerning their management of the Group’s business. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

SBS AEIC at para 10 (1 BAEIC p11).

Mr Siong and Mr Ching accepted all of this without question. I am therefore
satisfied that the defendant was a de facto director of the first plaintiff at
all times.

171 I am equally satisfied that both Mr Tay and Mr Kenneth Chan were de facto
directors of the first plaintiff at and after the April 2018 Meeting. As the
defendant submits, a person who is not a de jure director is nevertheless a de
facto director of a company if he undertakes functions in relation to the
company which can properly be discharged only by a director. This includes
participating in directing the affairs of the company on an equal footing with
the other directors and exercising a real influence in the corporate
governance of the company (Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and
others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties) [2010] SGHC 163 at
[58]; Evotech (Asia) Pte Ltd v Koh Tat Lee and another [2018] SGHC 252 at
[75]). In the 10 April Email, the defendant asserted that Mr Tay and Mr
Kenneth Chan were directors of the first plaintiff. Mr Siong and Mr Ching
acquiesced in this characterisation. Mr Tay and Mr Kenneth Chan attended April
2018 Meeting in the capacity stipulated in the 10 April Email, ie, as
directors of the first plaintiff. Mr Siong and Mr Ching acquiesced in this
also. Mr Tay and Mr Kenneth Chan were therefore de facto directors of the
first plaintiff at and after the April 2018 Meeting.

172 Third, the first plaintiff’s directors, both de jure and de facto,
approved a sheet board plant at the April 2018 Meeting. This approval is
recorded in the April 2018 Minutes. The defendant produced in this action two
different versions of the April 2018 Minutes. The first version was produced
contemporaneously. This version was attached to two emails, one dated 25 April
2018 and one dated 2 July 2018, from Mr Kenneth Chan to the defendant. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PCS at paras 73–74; 2 CB 1405–1419.

The second version of the April 2018 Minutes was regrettably the result of Mr
Kenneth Chan amending the soft copy of the first version. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript, 2 August 2022 at p 78 lines 4–23, p 80 lines 2–11.

He made these amendments only in August 2019. He did so specifically for the
purpose of producing the second version as evidence in litigation. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Transcript, 28 July 2022 at p 112 lines 7–13; Transcript, 2 August 2022 at p
80 lines 2–11.

According to him, the only changes he made in the second version of the April
2018 Minutes were to correct inaccuracies in the first version of the minutes.
172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript, 2 August 2022 at p 78 lines 4–23.

It is the second version of the April 2018 Minutes which the defendant and Mr
Kenneth Chan chose to exhibit to their affidavits of evidence in chief. They
did so without offering any explanation in the affidavit of how this version
was produced. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

CCK AEIC at para 41; KC AEIC at para 14; 2 CB 1090–1094.

173 There are three key differences between the first and second versions of
the April 2018 Minutes: (a) first, the description of those in attendance; (b)
second, the deletion of a section on “Notice and Quorum”; and (c) third, the
amendment of the word “containerboard” to “sheet board”. These key differences
are apparent from a side-by-side comparison of the relevant parts of the two
versions:

First version of theApril 2018 Minutes 174

##### Foot Note 174

× 2 CB 1415–1419. | Second version of theApril 2018 Minutes 175

##### Foot Note 175

× 2 CB 1090–1094.  
---|---  
Present:Mr. Chan Chew Keak, Billy (Executive Chairman and CEO)Mr. Siong Beng
Seng (Executive Director)Mr. Ching Hui Huat, Edward (Executive Director)Mr.
Tay Ah Kee, Keith (Non-Executive Director)Mr. Kenneth Chan Kwok Wei (Non-
Executive Director) …| Present:Billy Chan – Non-Executive Chairman and Non-
Executive Director, and Representative for Caldicott WorldwideKenneth Chan –
Non-Executive Director and Representative for Caldicott WorldwideKeith Tay –
Non-Executive Director and Representative for Springfield InvestmentsSiong
Beng Seng – Executive Director and Shareholder, and Director of AMB Packaging
SingaporeEdward Ching Hui Huat – Executive Director and Shareholder, and
Director of AMB Interpac Containers (Guangdong)…  
2\. NOTICE AND QUORUM(A) It was noted that due notice of the meeting had been
given to all the directors of the Company in accordance with the articles of
association of the Company.(B) It was further noted that a quorum necessary
for the convening of the meeting was present. The Chairman declared the
meeting had been duly convened and constituted in accordance with the articles
of association of the Company. A quorum was present throughout the meeting.…|
[This section is omitted]  
[The defendant] reflected back on the past six years of operations, and noted
that it was not satisfactory for shareholders in terms of financial
performance and growth ……On the proposed expansion into containerboard
production in the Pearl River Delta, Mr. Keith Tay inquired about the downside
to this investment. [The defendant] replied that if the selling prices for
containerboard declined, the payback could be stretched to six years instead
of the currently projected three and a half years.It was unanimously RESOLVED
that the Board approved the expansion and investment into containerboard
production in the Pearl River Delta.[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis
added in bold italics]| [The defendant] reflected back on the past ten years
of operations, and noted that it was not satisfactory for shareholders in
terms of financial performance and growth ……On the proposed expansion into
sheet board production in the Pearl River Delta, Mr. Keith Tay inquired about
the downside to this investment. [The defendant] replied that if the selling
prices for the sheet board declined, the payback could be stretched to six
years instead of the currently projected three and a half years.It was
unanimously RESOLVED that the Board approved the expansion and investment into
sheet board production in the Pearl River Delta.[emphasis in original omitted;
emphasis added in bold italics]  
  
174 The plaintiffs castigate Mr Kenneth Chan for tampering with evidence by
amending the first version of the April 2018 Minutes. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PCS at paras 73–75.

The presentation of evidence in litigation is undoubtedly a most serious
matter. Deliberately altering evidence for the purpose of presenting it in
anticipated litigation is an even more serious matter. Actually tendering the
altered evidence in litigation without explaining how it was produced is an
infinitely more serious matter. But I do not accept the plaintiffs’
characterisation of what the defendant or Mr Kenneth Chan did as tampering
with evidence. Neither the defendant nor Mr Kenneth Chan made any attempt to
suppress the first version of the April 2018 Minutes in this litigation. Nor
did they misrepresent the second version of the April 2018 Minutes as a
document created contemporaneously with the April 2018 Meeting, eg by
surreptitiously attaching it – whether in discovery, in an affidavit of
evidence in chief or for inclusion in the agreed bundle – to a contemporaneous
email.

175 It is, of course, a matter of serious regret that Mr Kenneth Chan did not
voluntarily disclose that he produced the second version of the April 2018
Minutes only in August 2019 by amending the first version and for the specific
purpose of presenting the second version as evidence in anticipated
litigation. He did so only under cross-examination. But I accept the
defendant’s submission that the amendments are immaterial to the essential
meaning of the April 2018 Minutes in so far as they are relevant to my
disposal of this action. The amendments do not detract from the evidential
value of the first version of the April 2018 Minutes for that purpose. In
particular, although the second version records that the directors approved
expanding into “containerboard” production, it is common ground that the only
business discussed at the April 2018 Meeting was sheet board production. I
therefore accept that the first version of these minutes stands as a
contemporaneous record in writing that the first plaintiff’s directors
unanimously approved a sheet board plant at the April 2018 Meeting. The nature
and consequences of Mr Kenneth Chan’s conduct outside this context is an
entirely separate matter on which I express no view.

176 Having regard to the totality of the evidence, therefore, I am satisfied
that, at the April 2018 Meeting, the first plaintiff’s directors approved a
sheet board plant and agreed to take steps to advance it. The steps which I
have found at [98] were taken to set up a sheet board plant from December 2017
to May 2018 are consistent with the discussions recorded both in the February
2018 Minutes (see [162] above) and in the April 2018 Minutes. They include:

(a) the defendant and Mr Ching arranging visits to sheet board plants in
China;

(b) Mr Siong obtaining quotations for corrugator machines for a sheet board
plant between December 2017 and May 2018;

(c) Mr Siong’s correspondence with DBS Bank in March 2018 seeking financing;
177

##### Foot Note 177

×

1 CB 765.

and

(d) the incorporation of Huizhou SJ and the second plaintiff as subsidiaries
of AMBDG in August 2018.

177 All of the above accords with the defendant’s case that setting up a sheet
board plant and the approval to do so was a process and not an event. Once the
first plaintiff’s directors had agreed and approved the general direction, the
details would be worked out and approved along the way. Viewing the evidence
in totality, I therefore accept that the first plaintiff’s directors did
approve setting up a sheet board plant, and did so at the April 2018 Meeting.

(3) Approval of the loan agreements

178 I now turn to consider whether the first plaintiff’s directors approved
the second plaintiff’s entering into the loan agreements. It is not the
defendant’s case that the second plaintiff’s directors approved entering into
the loan agreements expressly, whether orally or in writing, eg by way of a
director’s resolution. But having regard to the totality of the evidence and
the management practices within the Group and the first plaintiff, I accept
the defendant’s submission that the directors nevertheless approved the second
plaintiff’s entering into the loan agreements because they were aware of them
and acquiesced in the second plaintiff entering into them.

179 In his defence, the defendant makes two pleas which are relevant to this
branch of the analysis. First, that in or around February 2018, he, Mr Siong
and Mr Ching orally agreed to engage Mr Li as the Group’s consultant. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Defence at para 26.

Second, that in or around December 2018, the defendant, Mr Siong and Mr Ching
orally agreed that the second plaintiff should transfer money to Mr Li to
ensure that Mr Li could move quickly in assisting the second plaintiff to
identify and acquire land for a sheet board plant. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defence at para 33.

However, in cross-examination, the defendant admitted that there was no
agreement to appoint Mr Li as the Group’s consultant. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript, 26 July 2022 at p 73 line 24 to p 74 line 3.

Considering this inconsistency between his pleadings and his evidence together
with the lack of contemporaneous evidence supporting any such oral agreement,
I find that the directors of the first defendant did not agree expressly and
orally to engage Mr Li as the Group’s consultant or to transfer money to Mr
Li.

180 Even though there was no express oral agreement to engage Mr Li as a
consultant or to transfer money to Mr Li, I accept that there was nevertheless
approval in the form of Mr Siong’s and Mr Ching’s knowledge and silence. I
reiterate that the management practices within the Group and the first
plaintiff must be borne in mind when considering what “approval” means. I have
found at [159] above that in the unique circumstances of the Group, Mr Siong’s
and Mr Ching’s knowledge and silence of the defendant’s conduct did amount to
approval. It is the plaintiffs’ own case that Mr Ching and Mr Siong resigned
themselves to doing the defendant’s bidding to avoid confrontation. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

SBS AEIC at para 13 (1 BAEIC p 13); CHH’s AEIC at para 11 (1 BAEIC p 203).

Shareholders of a company are entitled to expect that directors will perform
their duties with reasonable mental fortitude. The minority shareholders who
hold 7% of the first plaintiff’s shares are entitled to no less. A director
who has resigned himself to doing another person’s bidding and who acquiesces
in that other person’s conduct in order to avoid confrontation or removal as a
director must intend his knowledge and silence or acquiescence to be taken as
approval. So too, that other person is entitled to take the director’s
knowledge and silence or acquiescence as approval. That is precisely what I
find happened here as between the defendant on the one hand and Mr Siong and
Mr Ching on the other.

181 I therefore find that the directors of the first plaintiff did approve the
second plaintiff moving forward to identify and acquire land for a sheet board
plant. By doing so, they also approved the actions that had to be taken to
advance that purpose. This includes causing the second plaintiff to enter into
the loan agreements.

182 Apart from the evidence I have set out at [162]–[176] above, I find that
Mr Siong and Mr Ching knew of and approved the specific step of identifying
and acquiring land for a sheet board plant.

183 Mr Siong’s approval can be seen from the following. On 30 May 2018, the
defendant sent an email to Mr Siong and Mr Ching informing them that (a) he
had been looking for land in Huizhou without success, (b) an opportunity had
come up to buy land in Huizhou, (c) he had suggested to the Group’s lawyers
that the Group set up an escrow account to be managed by the lawyers for the
land purchase, and (d) Mr Ching needed to get RMB 130m in cash ready within
the next month for the land purchase. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

2 CB 1187–1195.

On 1 June 2018, Mr Siong replied, agreeing to an escrow account being set up
and said that he was “for moving forward”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

2 CB 1206.

I accept that this email is evidence that Mr Siong approved moving forward
with identifying and acquiring land, given that the escrow account was
intended to hold money for purchasing land for a sheet board plant. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

DCS at para 215.

184 As for Mr Ching, apart from the evidence at [117]–[119] above regarding
his knowledge of Mr Li’s involvement, he also exchanged various instant
messages with the defendant between 7 June 2018 and 15 June 2018 discussing
the purchase of land in Huizhou. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

2 CB 1228–1240, 1261–1269.

While these messages do not mention a sheet board plant specifically, Mr Ching
accepted in cross-examination that at the time he exchanged these messages
with the defendant, he knew that the defendant was searching for land in
connection with a sheet board plant. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Transcript, 19 July 2022 at p 33 lines 3–8.

185 I also accept that from October 2018 to December 2018, the defendant,
together with other representatives of the plaintiffs, attempted to identify
alternative tracts of land. For example, Mr Wu gave evidence that he, the
defendant and Mr Ching met the mayor of Xiegang town to ask if there was land
there available for purchase. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

WCM AEIC at para 21.

186 In January 2019, the pace at which the defendant was taking steps to set
up a sheet board plant picked up. The defendant continued to keep Mr Siong and
Mr Ching informed. Thus, on 10 January 2019, the defendant messaged Mr Ching
telling him that they needed to get started on the operations of the second
plaintiff and asking Mr Ching to transfer RMB 30m to him to repay AMBDG for
the corrugator and “to start moving the land”. The defendant also said that he
would follow up with an email to avoid miscommunication. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

4 CB 2564.

187 Later that day, the defendant emailed Mr Ching and Mr Siong telling them
that: (a) he had “fix[ed]” the land in Huizhou; (b) they would need to start
operating the second plaintiff; and (c) AMBDG should transfer RMB 30m to the
second plaintiff, out of which RMB 10m would be used as deposit for the land.
189

##### Foot Note 189

×

4 CB 2561.

The defendant also asked Mr Siong and Mr Ching to let him know if they had any
doubts or questions. Both Mr Ching and Mr Siong replied to acknowledge the
email. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

4 CB 2563.

Mr Ching in particular stated that he “[would] act as per instruction
accordingly”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

4 CB 2562.

Mr Siong and Mr Ching in their capacity as directors of AMBDG signed a
resolution dated 12 January 2019 approving the transfer of RMB 30m to the
second plaintiff. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

4 CB 2587.

188 On 15 January 2019, Mr Siong, Mr Ching, the defendant and Mr Kenneth Chan
signed a resolution approving and ratifying, among other things: (a) the
incorporation of the second plaintiff and Huizhou SJ in August 2018, each with
a long-term share capital injection of RMB 30m; (b) the registration of the
second plaintiff and Huizhou SJ as subsidiaries of AMBDG; and (c) the purchase
by the second plaintiff of a piece of land of about 100 Mu located around
Huiyang city near Shenzhen (“the 15 January Resolution”). 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

4 CB 2656.

In relation to the steps taken in August 2018, this resolution was passed
after the fact. But Mr Siong and Mr Ching signed this resolution in January
2019 with knowledge that steps had been taken in August 2018 without formal
prior approval. And there is no record of any criticism of the defendant in
January 2019 for not seeking approval for these steps, whether formal or
informal, in August 2018. This shows that it was not the invariable management
practice within the Group or the first plaintiff that all approvals must be
sought and obtained in advance and by way of a formal directors’ resolution.

189 Mr Siong and Mr Ching say that they signed this resolution only because
the defendant presented them with a fait accompli. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

SBS AEIC at paras 115 and 148 (1 BAEIC pp 67 and 87); CHH AEIC at paras 97 and
118 (1 BAEIC pp 238 and 248).

I do not accept this explanation. As I have previously found, both Mr Siong
and Mr Ching approved steps to set up a sheet board plant by their knowledge
and silence. They also took steps themselves to set up a sheet board plant. In
any event, there was nothing to prevent them in January 2019 from refusing to
approve the fait accompli of August 2018, or from approving it while recording
their objection to the defendant’s conduct in not seeking prior approval
before taking those steps in August 2018.

190 The plaintiffs submit that a background paper circulated by Mr Kenneth
Chan on 26 July 2019 advocating that the Group invest in a sheet board plant,
195

##### Foot Note 195

×

SBS AEIC at para 181 (1 BAEIC p 108); 5 CB 3747.

ie, prospectively, shows that the defendant and Mr Kenneth Chan were aware
that no such investment had been approved even as late as July 2019. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PCS at paras 172–173.

But this background paper must be seen in the context of the consistent
management practice within the Group. That practice was for directors to give
in-principle approval before a formal directors’ resolution was passed and, if
necessary, later to ratify the steps that had already been taken in connection
with that in-principle approval.

191 It is true that there is no contemporaneous evidential support that Mr
Siong or Mr Ching orally agreed that the second plaintiff should engage Mr Li
as a consultant and advance RMB 14m to Mr Li in those terms. But Mr Siong and
Mr Ching well knew that the defendant had engaged Mr Li to assist the second
plaintiff in identifying and acquiring land for a sheet board plant and that
there would have to be a sizable outflow of money to pay a deposit for the
land. I find that Mr Siong and Mr Ching acquiesced to this as part of their
pattern of “avoiding confrontation” with the defendant. I find therefore that
both Mr Siong and Mr Ching knew that the defendant intended to cause the
second plaintiff to purchase land purchase for a sheet board plant, remained
silent despite that knowledge, and thereby, given the context of how the first
plaintiff was managed, approved it.

192 Mr Siong and Mr Ching knew that the second plaintiff would make loans to
Mr Li to facilitate the purchase of land for a sheet board plant. The
plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that they first discovered that the defendant had
caused the second plaintiff to transfer RMB 14m to Mr Li as loans when Mr Lock
received copies of the loan agreements from Ms Luo by email on 3 July 2019 at
3.15 pm. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Particulars of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) Served Pursuant to
Order of Court dated 6 April 2021 at paras 2(a)–2(b) (Bundle of Pleadings
(“BOP”) Tab 7); PRS at para 132(c).

Within the hour, Mr Lock forwarded the loan agreements to Mr Siong and Mr
Ching at 4.09 pm. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

5 CB 3371; PRS at para 132(e).

Mr Siong, Mr Ching and Mr Lock all claim that they had no knowledge of the
loan agreements before Ms Luo’s email on 3 July 2019.

193 Their claim is contradicted by substantial contemporaneous evidence. This
shows that Mr Ching already knew before 3 July 2019 that the second plaintiff
had entered into loan agreements with Mr Li, even if he may not have seen the
actual loan agreements. On 3 July 2019 at 11.10 am, Mr Lock sent Mr Ching an
email attaching documents relating to AMBDG’s RMB 30m capital injection into
the second plaintiff and Huizhou SJ. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

12 AB 8940–8974.

The attachments did not include the loan agreements. Yet, in Mr Ching’s email
reply at 11.52 am, Mr Ching asked Mr Lock if he had “[t]he loan contracts of
[the second plaintiff] with the individual … two in total, one of 10 million
and one of 5 million”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

12 AB 8975–8976.

194 Mr Ching attempted to explain his request as follows. First, regarding the
“10 million”, Mr Ching testified that Mr Lock had told him that the defendant
had transferred the sum to an individual in January 2019. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Transcript, 20 July 2022 at p 6 line 13 to p 7 line 8.

Second, regarding the “5 million”, he derived that figure through backward
reasoning based on the January 2019 Email (see [29] above). Out of the RMB 30m
capital injection, he deducted the RMB 10m payment to BHS under the BHS
Contract, the RMB 5m transferred to Huizhou SJ and the RMB 10m transferred to
the individual that Mr Lock had told him about. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Transcript, 20 July 2022 at p 7 lines 9–15.

The plaintiffs submit that “[o]n that basis, [Mr Ching] figured that RMB 5
million remained unaccounted for and could possibly be transferred to an
individual. In that regard, it is common practice in China to consider funds
transferred to an individual as a loan to that individual”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

PRS at para 132(b).

195 I have considerable difficulty with Mr Ching’s evidence. I do not see how
Mr Ching could have concluded that the RMB 5m unaccounted for was also
transferred to the same individual and as second loan if he did not know
beforehand that the second plaintiff had entered into loan agreements with
that individual. To my mind, if Mr Ching truly knew nothing about any loan
agreements, he would have asked “what happened to the RMB 5m?” instead of
immediately assuming the money had been transferred to the same individual and
as a second loan.

196 On 3 July 2019 at 3.36pm, Mr Siong sent Mr Ching and Mr Tay a draft letter
setting out his and Mr Ching’s grievances regarding the defendant. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

5 CB 3542–3544.

The letter alleged that the defendant had instructed Mr Lock to remit RMB 30m
to the second plaintiff and that RMB 15m of that sum had been “given out as
under table money or loan to unknown person, purporting to help to buy land
for the new factory”. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

5 CB 3543–3544 at paras 19 and 21.

The plaintiffs submit that this draft letter does not assist the defendant
because it does not refer to any loan agreements. The plaintiffs further
submit that the letter is consistent with Mr Ching’s evidence and that if Mr
Siong had known about the loan agreements before he drafted this letter, he
would not have guessed that RMB 15m “was given out as under table money”. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

PRS at para 132(d).

197 Again, I find it strange that Mr Siong would immediately guess that RMB
15m “was given out as under table money”. To my mind, the plaintiffs’ argument
that Mr Siong and Mr Ching did not know that the defendant had caused the
second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements is contrary to the inherent
probabilities. Mr Siong and Mr Ching may not have known the terms of the loan
agreements, such as the total amount lent being RMB 14m. But on the evidence
before me, I am satisfied that they knew of the fact of the loan agreements,
ie, that the defendant had caused the second plaintiff to pay money as a loan
to a third party to facilitate the third party in identifying and acquiring
land for the second plaintiff for a sheet board plant. Seen in the context of
the management practices within the Group and the first plaintiff, this
knowledge and silence constitutes approval of the loan agreements.

198 As I stated previously, and as the plaintiffs submit, Mr Siong and Mr
Ching resigned themselves to doing the defendant’s bidding in order to avoid
confrontation. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

SBS AEIC at para 17; CHH AEIC at para 16.

It may be that the first plaintiff’s directors were required formally and
expressly to approve the Group’s expansion strategy. But Mr Siong and Mr Ching
did the defendant’s bidding as to how this broad strategy was to be
implemented. And these two directors: (a) knew what these plans were; (b) were
conditioned and had resigned themselves not to raise doubts or contradict the
defendant; and (c) did not in fact raise any doubts or contradict the
defendant. In these circumstances, it was entirely reasonable for the
defendant to consider that Mr Siong and Mr Ching approved of the steps he was
taking. I find that there was the necessary and sufficient approval by the
first plaintiff’s directors of the defendant causing the second plaintiff to
enter into the loan agreements.

199 The plaintiffs have therefore failed to prove their case that the first
plaintiff’s directors did not approve the defendant taking steps to set up a
sheet board plant, including by causing the second plaintiff to enter into the
loan agreements. Accordingly, I find that the defendant did not act in breach
of Article 148(c).

(4) The BHS Contract

200 Finally, I turn to deal with the plaintiffs’ allegation that the defendant
did not follow the SOP when he caused AMBDG to enter into the BHS Contract.
208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PCS at para 96.

To my mind, neither of the plaintiffs in this case have a cause of action
against the defendant which can yield any relief for this alleged breach of
duty. As I have said at [66]–[68] above, AMBDG’s losses are not the first
plaintiff’s losses and cannot be transformed in law into the first plaintiff’s
losses. Neither did the second plaintiff suffer any loss, given that the money
the second plaintiff paid to AMBDG in connection with the BHS Contract
originated from AMBDG itself (see [29(a)] above).

201 The proper plaintiff to bring a claim for breach of director’s duties
arising from the BHS Contract is AMBDG, not the first plaintiff. There is
therefore no need for me to consider the BHS Contract further.

Article 148(h) of the PRC Company Law

202 I now turn to consider the plaintiffs’ case against the defendant under
Article 148(h) of the PRC Company Law.

203 This article provides that a director shall not commit “any other acts
that violate the duty of fidelity to the company”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

6 BAEIC 3686.

Mr Liu explains that Article 148(h) is “a catchall clause made to prevent a
leak”. The phrase “other acts in violation of the duty of fidelity” includes
the following actions: 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 67 (6 BAEIC 3686–3687).

(a) improper consumption resulting in company assets being wasted;

(b) purchase or replacement of high-end transportation vehicles;

(c) luxurious decoration of offices;

(d) use of company funds for high-end consumption; and

(e) payment of travel and business hospitality expenses overly in excess of
standards.

204 Dr Zhang does not address Article 148(h) in his expert reports.

205 The plaintiffs do not suggest that the defendant committed any of the acts
I have listed at [202] above. I therefore find that there is no breach of
Article 148(h).

206 In any event, Mr Liu also expresses the view that the same analysis in
relation to Articles 148(a) and 148(c) applies to Article 148(h). 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 71 (6 BAEIC 3687); Transcript, 3 August
2022 at p 84 line 19 to p 85 line 3.

In that sense, reliance on Article 148(h) adds nothing to the plaintiffs’
case. Since I have found that there is no breach of either Article 148(a) or
Article 148(c), there is no need for me to consider separately whether there
is a breach of Article 148(h).

Duty of diligence under PRC law

207 I now turn to consider whether the defendant breached his duty of
diligence to the second plaintiff under Article 147 of the PRC Company Law
(see [72] above) by causing it to enter into the loan agreements. I accept the
second plaintiff’s case that the inadequacies in the terms of the loan
agreements are sufficient to warrant a finding that the defendant breached his
duty of diligence to the second plaintiff under PRC law by causing the second
plaintiff to advance RMB 14m to Mr Li on those terms.

208 Both experts agree that to discharge his duty of diligence to the second
plaintiff under Article 147, the defendant must exercise reasonable care in
handling the affairs of the company measured against the standard of a good
administrator. In other words, the defendant must carry out his tasks while
exercising the same prudence and care that a reasonable administrator in the
same or a similar position would have exercised in the same or similar
circumstances. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 74 (6 BAEIC 3688); Dr Zhang’s 1st Expert
Report at paras 23–24 (2 BAEIC 930).

209 The expert witnesses disagree on the extent to which the PRC courts will
consider the business judgment rule when considering whether a director has
breached his duty of diligence. Mr Liu takes the position that the PRC courts
may consider the business judgment rule. He relies on the following extract
from Jiang Bixin and He Dongning, The Understanding and Application of Judging
Rules in Guidance Cases of the Supreme Peoples’ Court (Volume of Corporation
Law) (China Legal Publishing House, 2nd Ed) (“Corporation Law”): 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Mr Liu’s 1st Expert Report at para 78 (6 BAEIC 3689).

In terms of duties of diligence, it is necessary to determine the standard for
diligence. On the one hand, where the standard is too loose, that will weaken
the duty of diligence and it would not help to enhance business competence. If
indulgence is given to the director at fault, it will ultimately harm the
interest of the company and shareholders. On the other hand, the standard
cannot be too strict. It is impossible for directors to ensure that they make
no mistakes during the company’s operations and that all operations bring
profits to the company. Therefore, the reasonable risks in the directors’
management should be acknowledged and the business judgment rule should be
applied.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

210 Dr Zhang disagrees. He explains that Corporation Law is not an official
source of PRC law and is not enforceable as law. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at para 27 (2 BAEIC 1058).

Moreover, reading the extract of Corporation Law in context shows that the
authors admit that the business judgment rule has yet to be accepted into PRC
law. This extract is therefore nothing more than an allusion to the business
judgment rule as it exists in the United States, with the authors going on to
express their view that “how to absorb and use the rule for reference to
improve legislation and guide juridical practice in China has become an
important topic”. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Dr Zhang’s 2nd Expert Report at paras 28–29 (2 BAEIC 1058–1059).

211 I put it to Mr Liu during his cross-examination that Corporation Law goes
beyond merely describing PRC Company Law and makes normative or predictive
statements about how PRC Company Law should or will develop in light of
company law in other jurisdictions. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Transcript, 4 August 2022 at p 9 lines 17–23.

Mr Liu accepted this point.

212 I accept that Mr Liu has overstated the extent to which PRC law recognises
the business judgment rule. This is also evident in the extract at [209]
above. Rather than using the descriptive “is”, the authors’ use the normative
“should” and the conditionality that that word implies when discussing whether
business judgment rule applies under PRC law.

213 Therefore, when determining whether the defendant has acted in breach of
his duty of diligence to the second plaintiff, I do not consider the business
judgment rule. The inquiry on this duty is confined to whether the defendant
carried out his tasks while exercising the same prudence and care that a
reasonable administrator in the same or a similar position would have
exercised in the same or similar circumstances.

214 I find that the defendant breached his duty of diligence to the second
plaintiff by causing it to enter into the loan agreements without taking
reasonable steps to ensure that the terms of the loan agreements afforded
reasonable protection for the second plaintiff’s legal and economic interests.
I say that for three reasons.

215 First, the defendant himself admitted that the loan agreements 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

4CB 2653 and 2829.

gave the second plaintiff no control over Mr Li’s use of the money, allowing
him to “do whatever he [wanted] with the money for two years”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 70 line 17 to p 71 line 18.

The loan agreements do not oblige Mr Li to apply the RMB 14m solely for the
purpose of “[l]and purchase at industrial park”. They do not give the second
plaintiff any contractual or practical mechanism to police the purpose to
which Mr Li applies the RMB 14m once he has received it. They make no
provision for security or for a third-party guarantee for the second plaintiff
to recourse to if Mr Li uses the RMB 14m for a different purpose or fails to
repay it after two years. As I observed at [126] above, they do not allow the
second plaintiff to accelerate Mr Li’s repayment obligation. They also do not
oblige Mr Li to attempt to secure a refund of the deposit if negotiations with
a potential seller fail. As the second plaintiff points out, its only right to
recover the RMB 14m is by waiting for the two-year tenor of the loan
agreements to expire. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PCS at para 140; Transcript, 5 August 2022 at p 29 lines 2–9.

All of this makes the loan agreements unreasonably inadequate to protect the
second plaintiff’s interests.

216 Second, as I observed at [127] above, and as was common ground between the
parties’ experts, it is unusual in the PRC to secure land for purchase there
by lending the money intended for the deposit to an intermediary such as Mr
Li. Both experts testified that these transactions are typically done through
an escrow, custody or other similar agreement. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Mr Du’s 1st Expert Report at para 25 (6 BAEIC p 4153); Ms Yi Qian’s 1st Expert
Report at para 13 (3 BAEIC p 1225).

Causing the second plaintiff to enter into agreements of this type would have
been reasonably adequate to protect the second plaintiff’s interests.

217 Third, it is undisputed that the defendant did not seek legal advice when
he caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PRS at para 114; DCS at para 266.

Legal advice would have made the defendant aware of the alternatives of an
escrow, custody or other similar agreement. At the very least, legal advice
would have made the defendant aware of the shortcomings in the terms of the
loan agreement. Instead, the defendant’s evidence is that he approached the
loan agreements as an entirely commercial matter, not as a legal matter
requiring legal advice to ensure that the second plaintiff’s legal interests
were reasonably adequately protected. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 120, line 22 to p 121 line 14.

218 In cross-examination, the defendant accepted, when it was put to him, that
his decision to advance RMB 14m to Mr Li on the terms set out in the loan
agreements “was totally ill advised”. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 120 lines 22–24.

As a result of this “ill advised” decision, the second plaintiff is now unable
to recover the RMB 14m from Mr Li. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Transcript, 27 July 2022 at p 120 lines 14–21.

219 For the foregoing reasons, I am satisfied that a reasonable administrator
in the defendant’s position would not have advanced the RMB 14m to Mr Li as a
loan. The defendant thereby breached the standard of diligence expected of him
as a director of the second plaintiff.

Mitigation

220 Causation is not disputed, ie, it is not disputed that the second
plaintiff lost RMB 14m because the defendant caused the second plaintiff to
advance the RMB 14m to Mr Li as a loan rather than through an escrow, custody
or other similar agreement.

221 The next question which arises on the defendant’s pleaded case is whether
the second plaintiff took reasonable steps to mitigate its loss. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Defence at para 55(h).

Despite taking this point in its pleadings, the defendant does not pursue this
point in his closing submissions. I therefore need not analyse mitigation as
an issue.

222 In any event, I find that the second plaintiff did take reasonable steps
to mitigate its loss. In December 2019, the second plaintiff lodged a police
report in the PRC reporting the defendant’s alleged wrongdoings and requesting
assistance to obtain compensation for its losses. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

PL AEIC at para 111 (1 BAEIC 323–324).

I also accept that the plaintiffs face considerable difficulty in enforcing
the loan agreements against Mr Li, considering that the loan agreements do not
contain any background information or proof of identification of Mr Li. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

PCS at para 289; SBS at para 162(c)(iv) (1 BAEIC 96).

The damages recoverable by the second plaintiff are therefore not to be
diminished in any way by reason of any failure to mitigate its loss.

223 I also note that the plaintiffs adduced evidence of steps taken by AMBDG
in mitigation, namely, that AMBDG’s lawyers invited the defendant to resolve
the issues and sent letters of demand to Mr Li seeking repayment of the loans.
228

##### Foot Note 228

×

PCS at para 281.

However, AMBDG is not a plaintiff. AMBDG’s acts are therefore not relevant in
my consideration of whether the second plaintiff acted reasonably to mitigate
its loss.

Both plaintiffs’ claim in conspiracy

224 I now turn to consider the plaintiffs’ claim against the defendant in the
tort of conspiracy.

225 To establish liability for an unlawful means conspiracy, a plaintiff must
prove the following (EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders
(S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [112]):

(a) that two or more persons engaged in a combination to do certain acts;

(b) that those persons intended to cause damage or injury to the plaintiffs by
those acts;

(c) that the acts were unlawful;

(d) that the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) that the plaintiff has suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

226 The elements of a lawful means conspiracy are the same as the elements of
an unlawful means conspiracy save that element (c) requires the plaintiffs to
establish that the conspirators carried out lawful acts with the predominant
purpose of causing injury or damage to the plaintiffs, and that this purpose
was in fact achieved (Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 at
[45]).

227 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case on conspiracy is as follows. Mr Li is a known
close associate of the defendant. The defendant signed the loan agreements on
the second plaintiff’s behalf without the knowledge and consent of the first
plaintiff or of AMBDG as part of a conspiracy with Mr Li to cause loss to the
second plaintiff. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

SOC at paras 33–34.

The defendant and Mr Li have shared business interests in the PRC: the
defendant is a shareholder of Hong Kong Xinlong International Holdings (“HK
Xinlong”), Mr Li is a shareholder of Zhenyushan International Holdings Co.,
Ltd (“Zhenyushan”). HK Xinlong and Zhenyushan own shares in China HX, where
the defendant is also a director. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

PCS at paras 149, 296 and 298; SBS AEIC at paras 23 and 26.

The plaintiffs rely on this as circumstantial evidence that Mr Li and the
defendant are close associates.

228 Both plaintiffs’ claims in conspiracy must fail. I take each plaintiff’s
claim in turn.

Unlawful means conspiracy

The first plaintiff

229 The first plaintiff’s claim in unlawful means conspiracy fails for two
reasons.

230 First, I do not accept that there was any combination between the
defendant and Mr Li. I reach that conclusion for the same reasons that I have
given for rejecting the plaintiffs’ case that Mr Li is an “interested party”
as against the defendant for the purposes of Article 148(a) of the PRC Company
Law.

231 Second, the defendant did not breach any of his duties to the first
plaintiff under BVI law. There is virtually no disagreement between the
parties’ BVI law experts that the defendant owed two duties to the first
plaintiff under BVI law.

232 The defendant owed a duty of care, skill and diligence to the first
plaintiff under s 122 of the BVI Business Companies Act 2004:

A director of a company, when exercising powers or performing duties as a
director, shall exercise the care, diligence, and skill that a reasonable
director would exercise in the same circumstances taking into account, but
without limitation, (a) the nature of the company; (b) the nature of the
decision; and (c) the position of the director and the nature of the
responsibilities undertaken by him.

233 The defendant also owed the following fiduciary duties to the first
plaintiff under sections 120 to 125 of the BVI Business Companies Act 2004
(omitting section 122, which governs the duty of diligence) and the common law
on those sections: 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

PCS at para 247; DCS at para 57; SOC at para 8.

(a) a duty to act honestly and in good faith and in what he believes to be in
the first plaintiff’s best interests;

(b) a duty to exercise each of his powers for the purposes for which they were
conferred;

(c) a duty to act in a way that he considered in good faith would promote the
first plaintiff’s success for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole;

(d) a duty to avoid a situation in which he had or could have a direct or
indirect interest that conflicted or could possibly be in conflict of the
first plaintiff’s interest;

(e) a duty not to profit from his position of trust as a fiduciary;

(f) a duty to act for the proper purpose of the first plaintiff in relation to
all of its affairs, which includes acting with proper authorisation from the
first plaintiff’s directors;

(g) a duty to ensure that the first plaintiff’s affairs are properly
administered and that its assets and property are not dissipated or exploited
to its prejudice;

(h) a duty to serve the first plaintiff faithfully and dutifully and not to
advance and promote his own or other external interests to the prejudice of or
contrary to or in conflict with the corporate and/or commercial interests of
the first plaintiff;

(i) a duty to ensure that each contract or transaction entered into is done so
at arm’s length in fulfilment of the first plaintiff’s corporate objectives to
maximise profits and to advance and promote the first plaintiff’s business;

(j) a duty to promptly account for and to pay to the first plaintiff all
moneys or property received by him on behalf of or for the credit or the
account of the first plaintiff;

(k) a duty to manage and deal with the first plaintiff’s property in a
trustee-like manner; and

(l) a duty to disclose to the first plaintiff any of his breaches of any of
the aforesaid or other duties.

234 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that the defendant breached these duties
when he: 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

SOC at para 31; PCS at paras 249 and 258.

(a) failed to apply the RMB 30m transferred by AMBDG to the second plaintiff
towards the purposes set out in the January 2019 Email (see [29] above); and

(b) caused the first plaintiff to take steps to set up a sheet board plant
despite the fact that doing so had not been approved by the first plaintiff’s
directors.

235 I do not accept that the defendant breached either his duty of diligence
or his fiduciary duties to the first plaintiff.

236 First, I accept that the defendant did apply the RMB 30m for the purposes
set out in the January 2019 Email. It is undisputed that the second plaintiff
(a) repaid AMBDG the sum of RMB 10m for the deposit that AMBDG had paid to
BHS; and (b) paid Huizhou SJ the sum of RMB 5m as a deposit for an automation
system required for a sheet board plant. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

SBS AEIC at paras 134(b) and 134(c) (1 BAEIC 78).

I have also found that the RMB 14m advanced to Mr Li was applied towards
setting up a sheet board plant. This is broadly consistent with the January
2019 Email. In that email, the defendant said that RMB 10m was required as a
deposit for the purchase of land in Huizhou and RMB 5m was required for “some
minor expenses” for the second plaintiff.

237 Second, I have found at [159] and [177] above that the first plaintiff’s
directors approved the steps which the defendant took to set up a sheet board
plant.

238 Third, the defendant did no act as against the first plaintiff which was a
breach of his duty of diligence to the first plaintiff. To the extent that a
loan agreement – as opposed to an escrow, custody or other similar arrangement
– was unreasonably inadequate to protect the second plaintiff’s interests, the
proper plaintiff for any such claim is the second plaintiff and only the
second plaintiff.

239 Therefore, I find that the defendant did not breach either the duty of
diligence or the fiduciary duties that he owed to the first plaintiff under
BVI law. There is therefore no unlawful act on which the first plaintiff can
base a claim in unlawful means conspiracy.

The second plaintiff

240 The second plaintiff’s claim in unlawful means conspiracy also fails.

241 For the reasons I set out at [242]–[247] below, I find that the second
plaintiff has failed to prove that the defendant acted with any intention to
cause it loss.

Both plaintiffs’ claim in lawful means conspiracy

242 Both plaintiffs’ claims against the defendant in lawful means conspiracy
must fail.

243 I have already found that the defendant caused the second plaintiff to
enter into the loan agreements and to advance RMB 14m to Mr Li as a step in
setting up a sheet board plant and not for any collateral purpose. Implicit in
that finding is a finding that the first defendant acted with the predominant
intention of benefitting the Group and not of causing loss to either
plaintiff. That finding excludes any possibility of finding that the defendant
caused the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements with the
predominant intention of causing loss to either of the plaintiffs.

244 Two further features of this case support my finding that the defendant
did not have the predominant intention of causing loss to either plaintiff.
First, the defendant made no attempt to conceal the loans. The loans were not
a secret within the Group. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Transcript, 21 July 2022 at p 49 lines 21–25.

It is undisputed that Mr Lock witnessed the first transfer of RMB 10m from the
second plaintiff to Mr Li on 15 January 2019. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

PL at para 65 (1 BAEIC 305).

Moreover, the advance is contemporaneously recorded in the second plaintiff’s
bank statements 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

5 CB 3641–3642; Transcript, 21 July 2022 at p 48 line 22 to p 49 line 25.

and the loan is contemporaneously recorded in the second plaintiff’s
management reports. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

13 AB 9433–9434.

Second, the defendant has an interest in at least 20% of the shares in the
first plaintiff through Caldicott. It is not part of the plaintiffs’ case that
the defendant derived any personal gain from causing the second plaintiff to
advance RMB 14m to Mr Li. Therefore, any loss that he intended to cause to the
first plaintiff would rebound as to at least 20% upon himself. For these two
additional reasons, I find that the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant acted
with any intention, predominant or otherwise, of causing loss to either of the
plaintiffs to be contrary to the inherent probabilities.

245 The plaintiff submits that the defendant incorporated China HX and HK
Xinlong in May 2019 in furtherance of his conspiracy with Mr Li. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

CWS at para 146.

The defendant’s evidence is that he incorporated China HX and HK Xinlong at Mr
Li’s suggestion as an alternative method to acquire land in the PRC for a
sheet board plant. The defendant claims that Mr Li suggested that using a
foreign owned company, like HK Xinlong, to apply for land from the local
government to build an industrial park would lend weight to the application.
239

##### Foot Note 239

×

CCK AEIC at para 144 (1 BAEIC 399–400).

The plaintiffs submit, however, that this explanation does not make sense
because the first plaintiff and AMBHK are also foreign-owned companies. If the
defendant’s evidence is true, they could equally have been used to lend weight
to an application for land from the local government. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

PRS at para 126.

246 Having regard to all the facts, I am unable to conclude that the defendant
incorporated China HX and HK Xinlong in furtherance of a conspiracy with Mr
Li. While the defendant could have used the first plaintiff or AMBHK to apply
for land from the local government instead, this possibility does not warrant
the inference that China HX and HK Xinlong were not incorporated for this
purpose.

247 The plaintiffs also rely on the defendant’s insistence on deregistering
the second plaintiff with unseemly haste after executing the loan agreements.
This, they say, was the defendant’s attempt to cover up his wrongdoing by
ensuring that the second plaintiff could not take any steps to recover the RMB
14m from Mr Li. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

PCS at para 307.

I do not accept this submission. Mr Ching knew about the defendant’s intention
to deregister the second plaintiff and worked with the defendant to implement
it. On 30 May 2019, the defendant and Mr Ching discussed the deregistration of
the second plaintiff and Huizhou SJ on WeChat. During the exchange, Mr Ching
advised the defendant that the second plaintiff had to agree with its debtors
to assign “all the loan and investment matters between the original Huizhou
Company and any person or company” to a new company before deregistration. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

5 CB 3230.

Mr Ching testified that he was referring to other loan agreements, including a
RMB 5m loan that the second plaintiff had given to Huizhou SJ. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

PRS at para 132(a); Transcript, 20 July 2022 at p 12 lines 19–23.

However, considering the surrounding context and Mr Ching’s choice of words as
“between the original Huizhou Company and any person or company”, I accept
that Mr Ching also had in mind the loan agreements with Mr Li. There is no
evidence of other loans the second plaintiff had with other natural persons.
This further reinforces my view that the loan agreements were not a step in a
conspiracy, but part of setting up a sheet plant business.

Conclusion on conspiracy

248 Having regard to all the evidence, I dismiss both plaintiffs’ claims
against the defendant in both varieties of the tort of conspiracy. It appears
to me that the plaintiffs’ case theory of a conspiracy is nothing but a
conspiracy theory of a case.

Relief

249 I now turn to consider the relief that the second plaintiff is entitled to
as a result of the defendant’s breach of his duty of diligence to the second
plaintiff. That is the only claim in which I have found the defendant liable
to either plaintiff.

250 The plaintiffs submit that the defendant should be ordered to pay damages
to the second plaintiff in the sum of: (a) RMB 14m being the amount
irrecoverable from Mr Li by reason of the defendant’s breach of duty; (b) RMB
1.26m being the interest due but unpaid under the loan agreements as at 30
September 2022; and (c) RMB 5.77m being expenses incurred to investigate and
mitigate the effects of the defendant’s wrongful acts. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

PCS at para 275.

The plaintiffs also ask for an order that the defendant account to the second
plaintiff for the sum of RMB 14m and all profits he has earned with that
money, and pay to the second plaintiff all sums found to be due to the second
plaintiff upon taking the account. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

PCS at para 276.

251 There is no dispute that the defendant’s breach of his duty of diligence
caused the second plaintiff to suffer loss of RMB 14m, being the sum advanced
to Mr Li under the loan agreements. I have also found that there is no basis
on which to reduce the second plaintiff’s damages by reason of a failure to
take reasonable steps to mitigate its loss. The second plaintiff is therefore
entitled to judgment against the defendant for the sum of RMB 14m.

252 I now consider the second plaintiff’s claim for the interest and the
investigation expenses.

Interest on the loans amounting to RMB 1.26m

253 The defendant submits that the second plaintiff is not entitled to recover
the RMB 1.26m in interest due but unpaid under the loan agreements because
that is a form of special damage and the second plaintiff failed to plead it
in its statement of claim as the rules of pleading require. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 16 November 2022 (“DRS”) at para
168.

The first time that the plaintiff has ever advanced a claim for the unpaid
interest was in the plaintiff’s written closing submissions. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

DRS at para 169; PCS at para 275.

254 The first point I make is that I have found the defendant liable to the
second plaintiff for a wrong and not for a breach of contract or for a breach
of the duty of fidelity. The defendant’s breach of his duty of diligence
renders him liable to put the second plaintiff in the position it would have
been in if that breach of duty had never occurred. The defendant is not liable
to put the second plaintiff in the position it would have been in if the
defendant had, in breach of his duty of diligence, nevertheless caused the
second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements with Mr Li and if Mr Li had
performed his obligation under the loan agreements to pay interest to the
second plaintiff at 3% per annum. In my view, therefore, the defendant’s only
liability to the second plaintiff is to compensate it for the actual loss it
has suffered, and not to compensate it for any benefit under the loan
agreements that it expected to receive from Mr Li but has failed to receive.
The defendant’s breach of his duty of diligence to the second plaintiff does
not render him a guarantor to the second plaintiff of Mr Li’s obligations
under the loan agreements.

255 This result is clear from considering the second plaintiff’s case against
the defendant more closely. The second plaintiff’s case is that the defendant
breached his duty of diligence to the second plaintiff by causing the second
plaintiff to enter into the loan agreements instead of a escrow, custody or
other similar agreement. That raises two alternative counterfactuals to
consider in assessing damages: (a) the defendant not causing the second
plaintiff to enter into any agreement with Mr Li at all; or (b) the defendant
causing the second plaintiff to enter into an escrow, custody or other similar
agreement with Mr Li. On the first alternative, the second plaintiff would
still have the RMB 14m but would have no right to receive interest from Mr Li.
The second plaintiff’s loss would be simply the RMB 14m. On the second
alternative, the result would be the same. If the defendant had caused the
second plaintiff to enter into a escrow, custody or other agreement with Mr
Li, the second plaintiff would not have put the RMB 14m at Mr Li’s unqualified
disposal but would have retained control over it. If the RMB 14m was not at Mr
Li’s unqualified disposal, there would have been no commercial basis
whatsoever for the second plaintiff to receive any interest on the RMB 14m
from Mr Li. On the alternative counterfactual too, the second plaintiff would
have the RMB 14m but would have no right to receive interest from Mr Li.

256 That suffices in itself to render the RMB 1.26m irrecoverable from the
defendant.

257 Further, in the context of an action for breach of a duty of diligence (as
opposed to an action for breach of contract or in debt) and given the
counterfactuals in this case, I accept that the loss of interest at 3% per
annum which the defendant claims it suffered is special damage. Special damage
is a type of loss which the law will not presume is the natural or probable
consequence of a defendant’s wrongful act (Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and
others v OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway
Corp Ltd) and another and other appeals [2021] 1 SLR 1337 at [211], citing The
“Shravan” [1999] 2 SLR(R) 713 at [77]). The defendant’s wrongful act in this
case is causing the second plaintiff to enter into the loan agreement with Mr
Li. Mr Li’s breach of his contractual obligation to pay interest under the
loan agreements is not a natural or a probable consequence of the defendant’s
breach of his duty of diligence. The second plaintiff’s claim for interest is
therefore special damage and ought to have been pleaded in order to avoid
taking the defendant by surprise.

258 For both these reasons, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim to recover the
interest of RMB 1.26m.

The investigation expenses

259 I reject the second plaintiff’s claim for the RMB 5.77m in investigation
expenses. The second plaintiff did not incur the investigation expenses. It
cannot therefore recover this alleged loss from the defendant.

260 At trial, Mr Lock testified that these investigation expenses were
incurred by AMBDG, the sole shareholder of the second plaintiff. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Transcript, 21 July 2022 at p 66 lines 16–18; PL AEIC at para 113 (1 BAEIC
324).

The plaintiffs are bound by this evidence, coming from the plaintiffs’ own
witness.

261 To support its claim for the investigation expenses, the second plaintiff
relies on two directors’ resolutions, one passed by the directors of AMBDG and
the other by the directors of the second plaintiff. The effect of both
resolutions is to record: (a) that AMBDG paid the investigation expenses for
and on behalf of the second plaintiff; and (b) that the second plaintiff is to
pay the investigation expenses to AMBDG upon recovery. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

PL AEIC at para 113 (1 BAEIC 324); Exhibit PL-55.

262 It could be argued that these two directors’ resolutions render the second
plaintiff subject to an obligation to reimburse AMBDG in the sum of RMB 5.77m.
It could be further argued that this legal obligation suffices in law to
transform the expenses which AMBDG incurred into a loss which the second
plaintiff has suffered, ie, a liability to reimburse AMBDG in the amount of
RMB 5.77m.

263 I do not accept that these resolutions give the second plaintiff the right
to recover the investigation expenses as damages for the defendant’s breach of
his duty of diligence. I say that for five reasons.

264 First, in so far as the plaintiffs argue that the effect of these two
resolutions is to transform expenses incurred by AMBDG into a loss suffered by
the second plaintiff in the form of a legal obligation to reimburse AMBDG, 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

PRS at para 85.

no such obligation is anywhere pleaded. Neither can the plaintiffs rely on Mr
Lock’s affidavit of evidence in chief as a backdoor pleading (Tuitiongenius
Pte Ltd v Toh Yew Keat and another [2021] 1 SLR 231 at [67]). This is not a
mere technicality. The second plaintiff’s failure to plead that it suffered
loss in the form of an obligation to reimburse AMBDG for these expenses
deprived the defendant of the opportunity to cross-examine the plaintiffs’
witnesses on the existence and scope of this alleged obligation.

265 Second, even on the plaintiffs’ own case, the effect of the resolutions is
not to create an immediate obligation, binding on the second plaintiff, to
reimburse AMBDG in the sum of RMB 5.77m. The only effect of the resolutions is
to create a conditional obligation: one which will bind the second plaintiff
if and only if the second plaintiff succeeds in recovering RMB 5.77m from the
defendant. Given the conditionality of this obligation, it is apparent that
even today, the judgment date, the second plaintiff is not obliged to
reimburse AMBDG in the sum of RMB 5.77m. On the clear wording of the
resolution, the second plaintiff will become obliged to do so only if it
recovers that sum from the defendant in this action. But it can recover that
sum from the defendant in this action only if it is legally obliged to
reimburse AMBDG in that sum. There is no way to break the circularity. The
resolutions therefore do not have the effect of transforming expenses incurred
by AMBDG into a loss suffered by the second plaintiff in the form of an
obligation to reimburse AMDG for those expenses.

266 Third, the two resolutions were passed in June 2021. The second plaintiff
commenced this action in March 2020. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Exhibit PL-56; Writ of Summons filed in HC/S 233/2020 on 13 March 2020.

Even taking the second plaintiff’s case at its highest and assuming that the
resolutions created an immediate and binding legal obligation on the second
plaintiff to reimburse AMBDG in the sum of RMB 5.77m in June 2021, it could
not have been subject to any such obligation when the second plaintiff
commenced this action in March 2020. AMBDG was the only proper plaintiff to
seek to recover the RMB 5.77m in March 2020.

267 Fourth, it is unclear what proportion of the investigation expenses were
expenses that AMBDG incurred on behalf of the second plaintiff. The breakdown
of the investigation expenses shows that the RMB 5.77m includes, among other
expenses, professional and operational expenses “of AMBDG’s subsidiaries”. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

PL AEIC at para 112.

It is undisputed that the second plaintiff is not AMBDG’s sole subsidiary. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

SBS at para 4.

These expenses may well have been incurred on behalf of other subsidiaries of
AMBDG, not on behalf of the second plaintiff. It is the second plaintiff’s
burden to prove this.

268 Fifth, the plaintiffs seek to rely on the second plaintiff’s income
statement for 2019 (“the Income Statement”) to support this claim. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

18 AB 12915; 17 AB 12408.

I received the Income Statement by way of a supplemental affidavit of evidence
in chief as part of Mr Lock’s evidence in chief. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Transcript, 21 July 2022 at p 12 line 25 to p 13 line 15.

269 The Income Statement does not assist the plaintiffs. It does not show that
the second plaintiff can be said to have incurred the investigation expenses
by having reimbursed AMBDG or by having come under an immediate and
unqualified obligation to do so at any time, and in any event before the
second plaintiff commenced this action.

270 For all of the foregoing reasons, I find that any right to recover the
investigation expenses from the defendant lies with AMBDG and not with the
second plaintiff. The second plaintiff’s claim to recover the investigation
expenses must be dismissed.

Account of profits

271 The second plaintiff’s claim for an account of profits requires a finding
that the RMB 14m was in fact paid to the defendant and his associates. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS at para 276.

272 I have declined to make any such finding. The second plaintiff’s claim for
an account of profits must also dismissed.

Conclusion

273 For all of the foregoing reasons, I find that the plaintiffs have proven
that the defendant breached his duty of diligence to the second plaintiff and
that the second plaintiff is entitled to enter judgment against the defendant
in the sum of RMB 14m in damages. That sum will carry interest at the usual
rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ in this action to the
present date.

274 All of the plaintiffs’ other claims against the defendant have been
dismissed.

275 I will now hear from the parties on two issues: (a) the form of the
judgment to be entered against the defendant; and (b) the issue of costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Cavinder Bull SC, Daniel Cai, Lea Woon Yee, Chua Xyn Yee and Nicholas Chng
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Jaikanth Shankar, John Lo, Tan Ruo Yu, Stella Ng and Waverly Seong (Davinder
Singh Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 09 Jun 2023 (18:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

