Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE HIGH COURT

of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 16

Originating Claim No 10 of 2022 (Summons No 2215 of 2023)

Between

| Cachet Multi Strategy Fund SPC on behalf of Cachet Special Opportunities SP  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| Feng Shi  
---|---  
(2)| Alex SK Liu  
(3)| Haven Global Network Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Striking out]

[Abuse of process — Henderson v Henderson doctrine]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cachet Multi Strategy Fund SPC on behalf of Cachet Special Opportunities SP

  
v

  

Feng Shi and others

[2023] SGHCR 16

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 10 of 2022 (Summons
No 2215 of 2023)  
AR Perry Peh  
7 September, 6 October 2023

13 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

AR Perry Peh:

Introduction

1 HC/SUM 2215/2023 (“SUM 2215”) is the second defendant’s application to
strike out the claimant’s claims in HC/OC 10/2022 (“OC 10”) pursuant to O 9 r
16 of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”). One ground relied on by the second
defendant for striking out is that the claimant’s claims against him, which
overlap in subject matter with claims previously pursued by the claimant
against other parties in arbitration, could and should have been pursued in
the arbitration and are therefore an abuse of process. The second defendant,
however, was neither a party to the previous arbitration, nor was he a party
to the arbitration agreement pursuant to which the previous arbitration had
been constituted. While it appears that the extended doctrine of res judicata
would operate to preclude the reopening in subsequent court proceedings of
matters dealt with in an earlier arbitration, it is not so clear whether the
same could be said of a situation like the present, where the party seeking to
invoke the extended doctrine of res judicata was not a party to the earlier
arbitration and had not been a party to the underlying arbitration agreement
pursuant to which that arbitration had taken place.

Background

2 The claimant, Cachet Multi Strategy Fund SPC (“Cachet”), is a hedge fund
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The second defendant, Alex SK Liu (“Liu”),
is the co-founder and director of a Singapore-incorporated company in the
business of financial and management consultancy services, Haven Global
Network Pte Ltd (“Haven”). Haven, on the other hand, is the third defendant in
OC 10. The first defendant, Feng Shi (“Shi”), is the other co-founder and
director of Haven. Shi is also a majority shareholder of Haven. Judgment in
default of a notice of intention to contest or not contest has been granted in
respect of Shi and Haven and so the proceedings in OC 10 now only concern Liu.

The previous arbitration proceedings

3 Cachet’s claims in OC 10 relate to an investment it made in Haven, which
subsequently transpired to have been fraudulently induced by certain
representations made by Shi, and in connection with which an arbitral award
was obtained against Haven and another was obtained against Shi.

4 In September 2018, Cachet entered into a “Subscription Agreement” with
Haven, under which it invested a sum of US$20m (“the Investment Sum”) in Haven
in exchange for a 10% shareholding 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 7.

and Cachet’s then-Chief Executive Officer Angela Chow (“Chow”) was also made a
director of Haven pursuant to the investment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

3rd Affidavit of Angela Chow (“Chow’s Affidavit”) at para 15.

Cachet says that it was induced to enter into the Subscription Agreement as a
result of various representations made by Shi (“the Representations”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 6.

which it believed to be true. Cachet subsequently discovered that the
Representations were false, and that Shi had made them fraudulently. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 11.

When its demand to Haven for a return of the Investment Sum was refused, on 2
September 2019, Cachet commenced an arbitration against Haven (“the Haven
Arbitration”) in the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 14–15.

The Haven Arbitration was eventually determined in Cachet’s favour. In an
interim award delivered on 17 March 2021 (“the Haven Interim Award”), the
tribunal found that all of the Representations save for one were false and
fraudulently made by Shi. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 18; 1st Affidavit of Alex SK Liu (“Liu’s 1st Affidavit”) at pp
137–138.

The tribunal declared that the Subscription Agreement had been validly
rescinded on 18 April 2019, which was the day Cachet made its demand for a
return of the Investment Sum, and further ordered Haven to repay the
Investment Sum within 21 days of the Haven Interim Award. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 18.

In a final award delivered on 26 November 2021 (“the Haven Final Award”), the
tribunal ordered Haven to pay Cachet’s legal costs of the arbitration and
interest, as well as interest on the Investment Sum for the period while it
remained unpaid. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 19.

5 One of the representations made by Shi was that he had, as of 30 June 2018,
already made a capital contribution of US$1.15m in cash to Haven. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 6(d).

This is one of the Representations that was later found by the tribunal in the
Haven Arbitration to be untrue. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at p 148.

Cachet, after discovering that this representation was false and that Shi did
not make any capital contribution to Haven, issued repeated chasers for Shi to
do so, which eventually led to Shi executing a “Deed of Undertaking” in favour
of Cachet and Haven (“the Deed”), pursuant to which he undertook to contribute
the full amount of his capital contribution by 30 June 2019. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 21.

However, by 9 July 2019, Shi only paid US$200,000 as capital contribution, and
so on 2 October 2019, Cachet commenced another arbitration against Shi in the
SIAC to enforce the Deed (“the Deed Arbitration”). The Deed Arbitration was
eventually determined in Cachet’s favour, and in the award (“the Deed Award”),
and Shi was ordered to pay into Haven his outstanding capital contribution as
well as pay Cachet’s legal costs. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at para 23.

Cachet’s attempts to enforce the arbitral awards

6 Cachet says that it was compelled to commence proceedings in Hong Kong and
the United States to enforce the arbitral awards obtained respectively against
Haven and Shi, because they both failed and refused to comply with the terms
of these awards. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 25.

The enforcement proceedings in Hong Kong, commenced in March 2021, were in
respect of the Haven Interim Award. Cachet did eventually obtain recovery of
the Investment Sum, but that was only after it had expended HK$352,431.33 in
legal costs and disbursements. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 26.

The enforcement proceedings in California, commenced in October 2020, were in
respect of the Deed Award. Despite having expended US$13,295.65 in the
Californian enforcement proceedings, Cachet says that it has not been able to
recover anything from Shi. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 27.

The claims in OC 10

7 Cachet advances mainly two sets of claims in OC 10. While not explicitly
said so in the section summarising the reliefs claimed, the first set of
claims concerning fraudulent misrepresentation appears to be pursued against
Shi only. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 28.

In respect of these claims, Cachet relies on the findings in the Haven
Arbitration that the Representations (save for one) were false and that Shi
had made them fraudulently, both of which Cachet says are binding as against
Shi. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at paras 28–29.

8 The second set of claims is for unlawful means conspiracy and is pursued
against all three defendants. Cachet’s case is that since in or around April
2018, the defendants (ie, Shi, Liu and Haven) 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 13.

conspired to: (a) defraud and/or mislead Cachet into investing in Haven; and
(b) thereafter fraudulently or wrongfully siphon or use the Investment Sum for
their self-enrichment (“the Conspiracy”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at para 31.

Cachet pleads that the Conspiracy was brought about by unlawful means, namely,
the following: (a) the Representations, which were false and made fraudulently
by Shi, and which Liu and Haven were aware of; (b) Liu’s and Shi’s breaches of
their fiduciary duties to Haven; (c) Haven’s breaches of the Subscription
Agreement, which were procured and/or induced by Shi and Liu; and (d) Shi’s
breach of a “Shareholders’ Agreement” entered into between Shi, Cachet and
other of Haven’s shareholders. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at para 33.

Cachet further pleads that these facts constitute evidence that the defendants
had combined to carry out the Conspiracy for the predominant purpose of
causing injury and/or loss to Cachet, and it also pursues a claim for lawful
means conspiracy against Shi and Liu, in the alternative to its claim for
unlawful means conspiracy. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at para 34.

9 In its Statement of Claim (“SOC”), Cachet cites the following incidents in
support of its case on the Conspiracy. First, Cachet says that Haven had
refused to comply with its demand for the return of the Investment Sum under
the influence of Shi and Liu as part of the Conspiracy. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC at paras 15 and 32(b).

Secondly, Cachet cites various acts which the defendants had engaged in, which
Cachet pleads showed that the defendants were siphoning out monies from Haven
(including the Investment Sum) for illicit self-enrichment. These included:
(a) the making of numerous suspicious payments from Haven’s bank account for
purported “business expenses” or “salary payments” in or around December 2018;
(b) causing Haven to repeatedly refuse disclosure of its employment contracts
despite being called by Cachet to disclose them; (c) the payment of
significant “sign-on” bonuses and salary to Shi and Liu without obtaining
Haven’s board approval; (d) surreptitious attempts to remove Chow as an
authorised signatory of Haven’s bank account, and the making of numerous
payments totalling over HK$1.6m from Haven’s bank account in the period when
Chow was removed as an authorised signatory; (e) the making of numerous
payments totalling HK821,540.56 from Haven’s bank account without Chow’s
approval, in circumvention of the required approval procedures; and (f)
persisting and/or participating in Shi’s refusal to contribute the outstanding
capital contribution, resulting in the Investment Sum being used for Haven’s
purported expenses. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC at paras 16 and 32(c).

Thirdly, Cachet pleads that both Haven and Liu were aware, at the material
time, that the Representations had been made fraudulently by Shi to induce
Cachet’s investment. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 32(a).

Fourthly, Cachet pleads that the defendants caused Haven to vigorously contest
Cachet’s claim in the Haven Arbitration, in an attempt to cover up and conceal
the fraud and the Conspiracy. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 32(e).

Finally, Cachet also attributes the failure of Haven and Shi to comply with
the terms of the respective arbitral awards against them to the influence and
direction of the other defendants in OC 10, as part of and in furtherance of
the Conspiracy. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at paras 20, 24 and 32(f)–32(h).

10 Cachet claims the following reliefs from the defendants, whom it says are
jointly and severally liable to Cachet as co-conspirators: (a) a sum of
S$1,260,338.58 and interest, representing the legal costs of the Haven
Arbitration which it has not been able to recover from Haven; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC at paras 19(a)–19(c) and 35(a).

(b) a sum of US$2,470,783.56, being the interest remaining payable on the
Investment Sum, and which it has not been able to recover from Haven; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 19(d) and 35(b).

(c) a sum of S$170,351.66, representing the legal costs of the Deed
Arbitration which Cachet has not been able to recover from Shi; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC at paras 23(b)–(c) and 35(c).

(d) a sum of HK$352,431.33 and interest, being the sum that Cachet has
expended in enforcement proceedings in Hong Kong in respect of the Haven
Interim Award; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC at para 35(d).

and (e) a sum of US$13,295.65 and interest, being the sum that Cachet has
expended in enforcement proceedings in California in respect of the Deed
Award. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC at para 35(e).

The impression conveyed by the reliefs claimed is that the outcome which
Cachet seeks in OC 10 is to recover from the defendants what it had not yet
been able to recover from the Haven Arbitration and the Deed Arbitration.

The submissions

11 The main point made by Liu in SUM 2215 is that the conspiracy claims in OC
10 are an abuse of process and ought to be struck out pursuant to O 9 r
16(1)(b) of the ROC 2021. First, the conspiracy claims, which essentially rely
on the same facts and allegations that had been raised by Cachet in the Haven
Arbitration and overlaps with the subject matter of the Haven Arbitration,
ought to have been raised by Cachet in the Haven Arbitration. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at para 37.

Secondly, looking at the complexion of the reliefs claimed in OC 10, it
becomes clear that OC 10 has been brought for a collateral purpose by Cachet
to recover what it had not been able to recover from Haven and/or Shi through
the arbitral awards and the subsequent enforcement proceedings. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at paras 39–41.

Thirdly, there is also no “fresh evidence” that Cachet intends to rely on in
its conspiracy claims in OC 10 which warrants re-litigation. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at para 44.

In closing, Liu’s counsel emphasised that OC 10 would reopen the entire
dispute previously resolved in the Haven Arbitration and require the court to
traverse those issues that have been determined in the Haven Arbitration, and
is therefore oppressive to Liu and also strikes at the public interest of
efficiency and economy in the conduct of the litigation, both of which
underlie the extended doctrine of res judicata. As counsel put it, “the war
had been fought and done in 2019 but now it is commenced again – that is
precisely the oppression”.

12 Further or in the alternative, Feng argues that the conspiracy claims are
legally unsustainable and thus ought to be struck out pursuant to O 9 r
16(1)(c) of the ROC 2021. For the claim in unlawful means conspiracy, Liu says
that he would be afforded immunity from tortious liability in respect of the
actions alleged by Cachet as giving rise to the Conspiracy, by virtue of the
principle in Said v Butt [1920] 2 KB 497. In PT Sandipala Arthaputra and
others v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2018] 1 SLR 818
(“PT Sandipala”) (at [62]), the Court of Appeal explained that the Said v Butt
principle exempted directors from personal liability for the contractual
breaches of their company if their acts, in their capacity as directors, were
not in themselves in breach of any fiduciary or other personal legal duties
owed to the company. Liu acknowledges that Cachet does rely on his alleged
breach of fiduciary duty to Haven as part of the acts constituting the claim
for unlawful means conspiracy, but he argues that this does not bring Cachet’s
case within the exception of the Said v Butt principle because Cachet has only
provided a “bare pleading” that he had acted in breach of fiduciary duties to
Haven, without any further particulars. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at para 59.

Liu also argues that the Said v Butt principle affords him immunity from the
claim for lawful means conspiracy, and Cachet’s bare allegation in the SOC
that he had acted with a predominant purpose of causing injury and loss to
Cachet does not suffice to bring this case within the exception of the Said v
Butt principle. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at para 59.

13 Finally, Liu also argues that the conspiracy claim is factually
unsustainable and ought to be struck out pursuant to O 9 r 16(1)(c) of the ROC
2021. Liu relies on evidence that he has deposed to in his supporting
affidavit for SUM 2215 as contradicting what Cachet has pleaded in the SOC in
support of the Conspiracy. In support of his contention that the conspiracy
claims are factually unsustainable, Liu also argues the facts as pleaded in
the SOC do not disclose a conspiracy, and that the SOC is deficient in terms
of particulars as to how exactly he had been involved in the Conspiracy.

14 Cachet denies any abuse of process in its conspiracy claims, for the
following reasons. First, the conspiracy claims in OC 10 are a result of bona
fide case management decisions on its part. At the material time, it had to
act with urgency to recover the Investment Sum from Haven, and so it commenced
an interim application before the tribunal adjudicating the Haven Arbitration
to protect the Investment Sum from being depleted pending the determination of
the Haven Arbitration, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at para 17.

and in conjunction with the interim application, it commenced the Haven
Arbitration, to which only Haven and itself could have been parties because
they were the only parties to the arbitration agreement in the Subscription
Agreement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Claimant’s written submissions at paras 49(a)–(b).

Cachet explains that under the SIAC Rules, which governed the Haven
Arbitration, a third party can only be joined to an arbitration if all parties
consented to the joinder, and in these circumstances, it proceeded first with
the Haven Arbitration rather than seek to join Liu to the Haven Arbitration to
avoid parties engaging in a jurisdictional fight over whether the tribunal had
jurisdiction over Liu. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Claimant’s written submissions at paras 49(c)–(d).

Secondly, the conspiracy claims in OC 10 does not seek to relitigate the
tribunal’s findings in the Haven Arbitration. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 49(e).

Thirdly, a significant portion of the events forming the basis of the
conspiracy claims only came to Cachet’s knowledge after the commencement of
the Haven Arbitration, whether in the course of evidence given in the Haven
Arbitration or in the enforcement proceedings concerning the Haven Interim
Award and/or Deed Award. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 49(g).

15 Cachet also argues that its conspiracy claims against Liu are legally
sustainable because if all the pleaded facts in the SOC were proven, it would
be entitled to the remedies sought. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 75.

It argues that the Said v Butt principle is engaged only where the wrongs
underlying the claim against the defendant-director involve contractual
breaches by the company. The Said v Butt principle therefore does not apply in
the present case because the conspiracy claims are also premised on grounds
other than Haven’s contractual breaches, including Shi and Liu’s breaches of
fiduciary duties to Haven. Finally, Cachet also argues that the conspiracy
claims are factually sustainable. It argues that the contentions raised by Liu
on this point are mere bare assertions which are contradicted by the evidence
that it has adduced in response, and at best, they only demonstrate that there
are disputes of fact which ought to be resolved at trial. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 56.

The applicable principles

16 Order 9 r 16 of the ROC 2021 provides three grounds pursuant to which “any
or part of any pleading” may be struck out. Liu confirmed in his submissions
for SUM 2215 that he is only relying on two of these three grounds: (a) that
the claimant’s claims are an abuse of process (O 9 r 16(1)(b)); and (b) that
it is in the interests of justice for the claimant’s claims to be struck out
(O 9 r 16(1)(c)). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at para 2.

In Iskandar bin Rahmat and others v Attorney-General and another [2022] 2 SLR
1018 (at [16]–[19]), the Court of Appeal explained the tests applicable to
each of these limbs:

(a) Under O 9 r 16(1)(b), the question is whether the judicial process is
being used as a means of vexation and oppression in the process of litigation.
The inquiry includes considerations of public policy and the interests of
justice. This limb also signifies that the process of the court must be used
bona fide and must not be abused.

(b) Under O 9 r 16(1)(c), the question is whether the case is one where the
court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction to prevent injustice, such as
where the claim is “plainly or obviously unsustainable”.

17 In connection with O 9 r 16(1)(b), the term “abuse of the process of the
Court” is given a wide interpretation, and the categories of conduct rendering
a claim an abuse of process are not closed and will depend on all the relevant
circumstances of the case (see Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v
Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel Peter”) at [22]). While
it is not clear whether the extended doctrine of res judicata is a procedural
or substantive rule (see, for example, AKN and another v ALC and others and
other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 966 (“AKN (No 2)”) at [59]; Virgin Atlantic Airways
Ltd v Zodiac Seats UK Ltd (formerly Contour Aerospace Ltd) [2013] 3 WLR 299 at
[17] and [24]; David Williams QC and Mark Tushingham, “The Application of the
Henderson v Henderson Rule in International Arbitration” (2014) 26 SAcLJ 1036
(“Henderson v Henderson Rule in International Arbitration”) at paras 38–39),
for present purposes, in so far as Liu’s complaint of abuse of process is that
the conspiracy claims are oppressive to him and so the court should not permit
Cachet to proceed with those claims in OC 10, he is invoking the court’s
procedural powers to police Cachet’s use of the judicial process. It is
therefore correct that Liu’s arguments on the extended doctrine of res
judicata come under the abuse of process limb in O 9 r 16(1)(b).

18 In connection with O 9 r 16(1)(c), a claim is plainly or obviously
unsustainable either where it is “legally unsustainable” or “factually
unsustainable” (see The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39]–[40]). A
claim is “legally unsustainable” where it would be clear as a matter of law
that a party would not be entitled to the remedy sought even if it were to
succeed in proving all the facts he offers to prove. A claim is “factually
unsustainable” where it could be said with confidence before trial that the
factual basis for the claim is entirely without substance, which can be the
case if it were clear beyond question that the facts pleaded are contradicted
by all the documents or other material on which it is based.

The issues

19 Before turning to the issues, I make two preliminary observations. First,
while it is relatively settled law that the extended doctrine of res judicata
can operate to preclude the reopening in subsequent court proceedings of
subject matter properly belonging to or which have been dealt with in an
earlier arbitration (see AKN (No 2) ([17] above) at [57]–[58]), it would
appear from the case law in which this principle has been applied that those
cases dealt with a situation where the parties to the subsequent court
proceedings had also been parties to the previous arbitration (see [25]
below). In so far as both the conspiracy claims and the Haven Arbitration
dealt with the Investment Sum and Cachet’s investment in Haven pursuant to the
Subscription Agreement, it cannot be seriously disputed that there is an
overlap in subject matter between the conspiracy claims and the Haven
Arbitration. However, the applicability of the extended doctrine of res
judicata in this case cannot be presupposed because Liu was neither a party to
the Haven Arbitration nor a party to the arbitration agreement in the
Subscription Agreement. The question of principle raised is whether the
extended doctrine of res judicata is even of any application in a situation
like the present.

20 Secondly, one of the grounds on which Liu seeks to attack Cachet’s claims
as being factually unsustainable is that the pleaded facts in the SOC do not
disclose a conspiracy to which Liu had been a party in that it lacks
particulars as to how Liu had been involved in the Conspiracy. This appears to
be an argument that the SOC is deficient and that the pleaded facts therein do
not disclose a complete cause of action in conspiracy against him, which are
grounds for striking out under O 9 r 16(1)(a) of the ROC 2021. However, Liu
has confirmed in his written and oral submissions that he is not relying on O
9 r 16(1)(a). Given the position that Liu has taken, I am left with
considering this argument in the context of O 9 r 16(1)(c), and specifically,
the question raised is whether any inadequacy in the pleaded facts can have
the effect of rendering the conspiracy claims factually unsustainable for the
purposes of O 9 r 16(1)(c).

21 Accordingly, the following issues arise for determination in SUM 2215:

(a) Where a claimant’s claims in subsequent court proceedings overlaps with
the subject matter belonging to or which have been dealt with in an earlier
arbitration, can the extended doctrine of res judicata be of any application,
if the defendant in the subsequent court proceedings was not a party to the
previous arbitration, and had not been a party to the arbitration agreement
pursuant to which the previous arbitration had been constituted?

(b) In view of the above, whether the conspiracy claims in OC 10 attract the
extended doctrine of res judicata and are an abuse of process?

(c) Whether the claims for unlawful means and lawful means conspiracy are
legally unsustainable because Liu would have been entitled to the protection
of the Said v Butt principle and thus immune from liability in respect of
these claims?

(d) Whether the conspiracy claims are factually unsustainable because: (i) the
pleaded facts are contradicted by the evidence adduced by Liu; and/or (ii) the
pleaded facts are inadequate in showing Liu’s involvement in the Conspiracy?

Whether the extended doctrine of res judicata can be of any application where
the defendant in the subsequent court proceedings was not a party to the
previous arbitration and had not been a party to the underlying arbitration
agreement?

22 The extended doctrine of res judicata, also known as the defence of abuse
of process, is one of three interrelated but distinct principles coming within
the umbrella doctrine of res judicata, the other two being the principles of
cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel (see Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck
and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at [17]–[19]). Unlike cause of
action estoppel and issue estoppel, which is engaged where a party seeks to
re-argue points which were the subject of a previous judicial decision in
earlier proceedings between the same parties, the extended doctrine of res
judicata prevents a party from raising certain points in later proceedings
even when they had not been raised in the earlier proceedings, provided that
these points properly belonged to the subject of the earlier proceedings and
which the parties exercising reasonable diligence could and should have raised
in the earlier proceedings (see The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known
as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate
Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties and another appeal) [2015] 5 SLR
1104 (“TT International Ltd”) at [101]–[102]). Underlying the entire umbrella
doctrine of res judicata is the policy that litigants should not be twice
vexed in the same matter, and that the public interest requires finality in
litigation (see TT International Ltd at [98]).

23 The public interest in finality is of no lesser importance in arbitration
(see AKN (No 2) ([17] above) at [57]–[59]). The court may therefore disallow a
party to raise certain points in subsequent court proceedings which it could
and should have raised in the earlier arbitration, whether in the form of
fresh allegations that seeks to undermine the arbitral award (see, for
example, CLX v CLY and another and another matter [2022] SGHC 17 at
[110]–[112]) or in the form of fresh claims canvassing the same subject matter
as that dealt with in the arbitration (see AKN (No 2) at [58]). There are two
cases illustrative of the latter. The first is Denmark Skibstekniske
Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S) v
Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park
Investments Ltd) [2011] 4 SLR 997 (“Ultrapolis”). There, the High Court held
that the defendant was precluded by the extended doctrine of res judicata from
asserting a cross-claim in resisting a winding-up application brought by the
plaintiff. The court reasoned that the cross-claim ought to have been raised
as a counterclaim by the defendant in previous arbitration proceedings brought
by the plaintiff against the defendant, in which the defendant had chosen to
not participate and had allowed for the hearing to proceed by default, because
the counterclaim arose out of the same facts and transactions that were the
subject matter of that arbitration (see Ultrapolis at [6]–[7], [37] and [41]).

24 The second case is Dallal v Bank Mellat [1986] QB 441 (“Dallal”), which was
cited by the High Court in Ultrapolis. That case concerned claims brought by
the plaintiff against the defendant in the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal,
which was an adjudication body established pursuant to an international treaty
entered into between the US and Iran for claims by the nationals of one
government against the government or national corporations of the other to be
determined, and which would operate as a final resolution and discharge of the
claim for all purposes. The plaintiff commenced a claim in the tribunal for
the recovery of $400,000, which were damages he claimed to have suffered as a
result of a dishonoured cheque issued by the defendant. The tribunal by a 2:1
majority dismissed the plaintiff’s claims. Dissatisfied, the plaintiff
commenced proceedings in the English courts pursuing those very same claims
(see Dallal at 450). The court found that the plaintiff’s claims were an abuse
of process and ordered that they be struck out. The court reasoned that the
proceedings before the tribunal had been intended to be proceedings in which
the plaintiff’s rights in respect of all material matters were to be decided,
and the plaintiff ought to have in those proceedings presented all the ways in
which he sought to sustain his claims, and furthermore, the plaintiff did not
cite any special circumstances which prevented him from properly presenting
his case before the tribunal (see Dallal at 463). The court held that the
plaintiff’s subsequent claims in the court proceedings therefore fell squarely
within the type of mischief that targeted by the extended doctrine of res
judicata, which was referred to in that judgment as the principle in Henderson
v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100 (see Dallal at 463).

25 Both Ultrapolis and Dallal involved a situation where the parties to the
subsequent court proceedings and the previous arbitration were the same. In
this case, the parties have not cited to me any authority in which the
extended doctrine of res judicata has been directly considered and applied in
a situation where the parties to the subsequent court proceeding were not
identical to those in the previous arbitration. The issue of whether the
extended doctrine of res judicata can be of any application in the present
situation therefore needs further examination. In my view, this engages three
considerations:

(a) is the absence of an identity of parties in the subsequent court
proceedings and the previous arbitration an impediment to the application of
the extended doctrine of res judicata;

(b) do the differences between arbitration and litigation as methods of
dispute resolution call for a different approach to the application of the
extended doctrine of res judicata in a situation like the present; and

(c) is there any justification for the policy underlying the extended doctrine
of res judicata to operate where the defendant in the subsequent court
proceeding seeking to invoke the extended doctrine to prevent the claim
against him from proceeding had neither been a party to the previous
arbitration nor a party to the underlying arbitration agreement?

26 I begin with the first consideration. In the context of cases where the
previous and subsequent proceedings are both litigation, the extended doctrine
has been applied, even where the parties to the previous and subsequent
proceedings were not the same (see, for example, Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd
and others v Nurdian Cuaca and others [2018] 3 SLR 117 at [74]; Kwa Ban Cheong
v Kuah Boon Sek and others [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 (“Kwa Ban Cheong”) at [32];
Hunter v Chief Constable of the West Midlands Police [1982] AC 529, considered
in Goh Nellie at [20]–[22]). It is not difficult to see why that has been so.
The question of whether there is an abuse of process requires the court to
look at “all the circumstances of the case”, and the court should not adopt an
“inflexible or unyielding attitude” in this inquiry (see Goh Nellie ([22]
above) at [53]). Given the nature of this inquiry, it would generally be
unwise to define fully the circumstances which can be regarded as an abuse of
process or to fix categories of abuse (see Kwa Ban Cheong at [27]). Whether
the parties in the previous and subsequent proceedings were the same therefore
cannot be conclusive as to whether the extended doctrine of res judicata
applies because that must turn on a consideration of all other relevant
factors in the case. Of course, that there is no requirement of identity of
parties in the litigation context does not mean that the same conclusion
should necessarily be reached in the present situation where the previous and
subsequent proceedings involve arbitration and litigation respectively.
Whether the earlier conclusion can be extrapolated will turn on whether the
differences between arbitration and litigation as methods of dispute
resolution are material for present purposes, to which I next turn.

27 The distinction between arbitration and litigation lies in the source from
which their authority as binding and effectual methods of dispute resolution
is derived. The foundational principle in arbitration is the notion of party
autonomy and it is manifested in how parties have a choice over their
adjudicators, what claims that they submit for adjudication, and the
procedural rules that apply to the adjudication process, all of which are
matters dealt with in the arbitration agreement (see generally AKN and another
v ALC and others and other appeals [2015] 3 SLR 488 at [37]). The jurisdiction
of the arbitral tribunal over the parties and the subject matter of the
dispute flows none other than from the consent of the parties to have their
dispute resolved by the arbitrator. The outcome of the arbitration also
affects the parties’ legal rights and obligations, because of their agreement
to have the dispute adjudicated by arbitration (see, for example, s 19B(1) of
the International Arbitration Act 2002 (2020 Rev Ed) and s 44(1) of the
Arbitration Act 2002 (2020 Rev Ed)). On the other hand, in the context of
litigation, the court’s jurisdiction over the dispute and the authority
associated with any of its judgments and/or orders is an incident of its
judicial power, as vested in the court pursuant to Art 93 of the Constitution
(see Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 2 SLR 216 at [72]).

28 In my view, however, this distinction does not call for a different
approach to the application of the extended doctrine of res judicata in the
present situation. Of course, since the defendant in the subsequent court
proceeding had not been a party to the arbitration agreement pursuant to which
the previous arbitration was constituted, he could not be said to have
submitted to the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal. The absence of any
consent to jurisdiction by the defendant also means that the decision of the
arbitral tribunal cannot have any effect on him. However, a defendant who
invokes the extended doctrine of res judicata to prevent the claimant’s
subsequent claims in court against him from proceeding on the basis of an
abuse of process does not rely as against that claimant rights or liabilities
established in the previous arbitration (for an example of the latter, see
Lincoln National Life Insurance Co v Sun Life Assurance Co of Canada and
others [2004] EWCA Civ 1660). Since the defendant is not substantively relying
on the outcome of the previous arbitration against the claimant, the fact that
the defendant had not submitted to the jurisdiction and authority of the
arbitral tribunal is inconsequential. Therefore, as a matter of principle,
there is nothing precluding the defendant in the subsequent court proceeding
from invoking the extended doctrine of res judicata on the basis of a previous
arbitration, even if it had not been a party to the previous arbitration or
the underlying arbitration agreement.

29 I turn now to the third consideration, which is whether there is any
justification for the extended doctrine of res judicata to operate in a
situation like the present. What the extended doctrine of res judicata seeks
to do is to incentivise a claimant to bring all his claims against all
relevant parties in a single forum, where all those claims share a common
subject matter and properly belong to the same proceeding. Our courts have
given this rationale equal weight in the arbitration context (see, for
example, AKN (No 2) ([17] above) at [57]–[59]). If arbitration is to achieve
the objective of a speedy, final resolution of disputes in a single forum, and
if a multiplicity of dispute resolution proceedings is to be avoided (see The
Application of the Henderson v Henderson Rule in International Arbitration
([17] above) at [10]), arbitration claimants should be encouraged to pursue
all claims within the scope of the arbitration agreement in a single
arbitration, and this in principle ought to apply with equal force even to
those claims against parties who are not privy to the arbitration agreement.
It should be noted that most arbitral rules, including those which applied to
the Haven Arbitration, provide for the joinder of such parties to the
arbitration where all parties consent (see, for example, r 7.1(b) of the SIAC
Rules 2016 and Art 27.1(b) of the 2018 Hong Kong International Arbitration
Centre Administered Arbitration Rules; see also Art 22.1(x) of the London
Court of International Arbitration Rules 2020). Our judicial policy is one of
supporting and facilitating the arbitral process (see, in a different context,
Tjong Very Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732
(“Tjong Very Sumito”) at [29]) and it is consistent with this to encourage an
arbitration claimant to pursue and raise all his claims in the arbitration if
he views them as forming part of the subject matter of the arbitration, even
if those claims were held against parties not privy to the arbitration
agreement. The arbitration claimant should be encouraged to avail himself of
the mechanisms (if available) that allow for these claims to be also resolved
in the arbitration, where they properly belong. For completeness, I add that
the above would apply with equal force to counterclaims advanced by a
respondent in arbitration, since the considerations I have cited above should
be given no less weight in the context of counterclaims.

30 Therefore, in my judgment, the extended doctrine of res judicata can apply
to prevent claims in subsequent court proceedings where those claims overlap
with subject matter that belonged to or which have been dealt with in a
previous arbitration, even if the defendant in the subsequent court
proceedings had neither been a party to the previous arbitration nor a party
to the arbitration agreement pursuant to which the previous arbitration had
been constituted, provided however that those claims in the subsequent court
proceedings fall within the scope of the arbitration agreement. I emphasise,
the fact that the claims in the subsequent court proceeding fall within the
scope of the arbitration agreement only means that the extended doctrine of
res judicata is relevant; the question of whether the claimant is precluded by
the extended doctrine of res judicata from advancing those claims requires the
court to consider all the circumstances of the case and determine if the
claims in the subsequent court proceeding are indeed an abuse of process, as
in any other case where the extended doctrine of res judicata is to be
applied. The High Court in Goh Nellie ([22] above) (at [53]) set out a list of
non-exhaustive factors that are relevant to this analysis, which I
respectfully reproduce here: (a) whether the later proceedings in substance is
nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous decision; (b) whether
there is fresh evidence that might warrant litigation; (c) whether there are
bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to have been raised in the earlier
action was not; and (d) whether there are some other special circumstances
that might justify allowing the case to proceed.

31 Factor (c), applied in the present context, would be concerned with whether
there were any reasons why the claimant omitted to pursue its claims against
the defendant as part of the previous arbitration. Of relevance would be any
perceived difficulties on the claimant’s part in seeking the joinder of the
defendant to the arbitration, or if the defendant had in fact objected to be
joined as a party to the arbitration. As the High Court emphasised in Goh
Nellie (at [53]), the inquiry as to whether there is an abuse of process is
not directed at the theoretical possibility that the issue raised in the later
proceedings could conceivably have been taken in the earlier, but whether,
having regard to the substance and reality of the earlier proceeding, it
reasonably ought to have been. Therefore, if the claimant had omitted to take
steps to have the claims in the subsequent court proceeding also adjudicated
in the previous arbitration and then furnishes explanations as to why that had
been the case, the court must also assess its explanations with reference to
the substance and reality of the situation.

32 Therefore, where a defendant relies on the extended doctrine of res
judicata to strike out court proceedings on the basis of a previous
arbitration to which it was not a party and where it was not privy to the
underlying arbitration agreement, it bears the legal burden of demonstrating
how the claims in the court proceedings come within the scope of the
arbitration agreement. The claimant in resisting the striking-out application
must then explain why the claims in the subsequent court proceedings could not
have been brought as part of the arbitration, whether because the claims do
not come within the scope of that arbitration agreement, or if they did so,
that there was good reason why those claims could not have been pursued as
part of the arbitration.

33 I make three further points in connection with the proposition articulated
above. First, the relevant test is whether the claims come within the scope of
the arbitration agreement. This turns on what the parties had agreed to
arbitrate by virtue of the arbitration agreement (which ordinarily would turn
on an interpretation of the arbitration clause and/or any subsequent
agreements varying it), and not what the parties had actually referred to
arbitration (see, for example, The Application of the Henderson v Henderson
Rule in International Arbitration ([17] above) at [9]–[11]; cf Michael Mustill
and Stewart Boyd, The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in England
(2nd End, Butterworths, 1989) at p 413). After all, the claimant’s view of
what properly belonged to the subject matter of a single proceeding (being the
arbitration) would be shaped by the ambit of the arbitration agreement rather
than the steps that the parties had actually taken pursuant to the arbitration
agreement in referring their dispute to the arbitral tribunal. Secondly, and
for the avoidance of doubt, the proposition articulated above does not apply
to a situation where the defendant in the subsequent court proceedings had
been a party to the underlying arbitration agreement but was not a party to
the previous arbitration proceedings because it had refused arbitration. Such
a situation engages distinct considerations from the present because in that
case, the defendant’s conduct would appear to be in repudiation of the
arbitration agreement. It should not lie in the mouth of that defendant to
invoke the extended doctrine of res judicata on account of an arbitration that
he could have but refused to be part of. Thirdly, and similarly for the
avoidance of doubt, a situation where the defendant was a party to the
arbitration agreement but was not made a party to the arbitration because the
claimant chose not to pursue certain claims against it in that arbitration,
obviously does not fall within the ambit of the proposition above. A case like
this would prima facie attract the extended doctrine of res judicata because
it is a classic example of one where the claims in the subsequent court
proceeding could and should have been advanced in the arbitration (see AKN (No
2) (17] above) at [59]).

Whether the conspiracy claims attract the extended doctrine of res judicata

34 I now turn to consider whether Cachet’s claims for lawful means and
unlawful means conspiracy attract the extended doctrine of res judicata. The
starting point of the analysis is whether these claims come within the scope
of the arbitration agreement underlying the Haven Arbitration. For
completeness, I should add that it is not Liu’s case that these claims are an
abuse of process because they should have been pursued in the Deed
Arbitration, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Second defendant’s written submissions at para 5.

and so the corresponding arbitration agreement in that arbitration need not be
considered.

35 The arbitration agreement underlying the Haven Arbitration is contained
within cl 15.18 of the Subscription Agreement, the relevant part of which
states: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at p 56.

The law in force in Singapore governs this document. Any dispute arising from,
out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled by friendly
consultations between the Parties. Consultations shall begin immediately upon
one Party delivering to the other Party a written request for such
consultation.

If within 30 (thirty) days following the date on which the request is given,
the dispute cannot be settled through consultation, the dispute (including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination) shall be referred
to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre …

[emphasis added]

36 It is trite that arbitration clauses should be generously construed such
that all manner of claims, whether common law or statutory, should be regarded
as falling within their scope unless there is good reason to conclude
otherwise (see Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petropod Ltd (in official
liquidation in the Caymand Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore)
[2011] 3 SLR 414 (“Petropod Ltd”) at [19]). Therefore, the words “any dispute”
have been held to be wide enough to cover claims involving the tort of
conspiracy, breach of fiduciary duty and fraud etc, in addition to claims
under the contract in which the arbitration clause is contained (see Petropod
Ltd at [13]). Our courts have also held that the phrase “arising out of or in
connection with” (which appears in a similar form in the arbitration clause
above) is to be given a generous interpretation so that it extends to all
manner of issues that have a relationship with the contract in which the
arbitration clause is contained (see Tjong Very Sumito at [50]).

37 Applying the principles above, I am of the view that the conspiracy claims
come within the scope of the arbitration clause in the Subscription Agreement.
Since Cachet cites in support of the Conspiracy the defendants’ failure (which
would include Haven) to return the Investment Sum on demand and how the
defendants had misused the Investment Sum, the dispute underlying the
conspiracy claims pertains to the Investment Sum and Cachet’s investment in
Haven pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, both of which are the subject of
the Subscription Agreement. To the extent the Conspiracy relies on the
Representations and the defendants’ role in causing Shi’s refusal to pay up
his outstanding capital contributions, that too arises from Haven’s investment
under the Subscription Agreement, which was said to have been induced by the
Representations, where one of them dealt with Shi’s promise of capital
contributions to Haven. The dispute underlying the conspiracy claims is
therefore clearly related to the Subscription Agreement. I accept that the
conspiracy claims are also pursued against other parties like Shi and Liu in
addition to Haven, but what matters for present purposes is that the subject
matter of those claims are related to the Subscription Agreement. The fact
that there are other parties to the claim does not bring the dispute outside
of the scope of the arbitration agreement, so long as the dispute between them
relates back to the Subscription Agreement.

38 I accept that some parts of the Conspiracy alleged by Cachet strictly
speaking pertain to matters unrelated to its investment its Haven, such as the
defendants causing Haven to vigorously contest the Haven Arbitration, as well
as their role in causing Shi and Haven’s failure to comply with the terms of
the previous arbitral awards. These issues are obviously unrelated to the
Subscription Agreement, and therefore fall outside the scope of the
arbitration agreement. However, that is of no consequence because the events
to which these parts of the conspiracy claims relate would have taken place
after the Haven Arbitration was commenced. As a matter of logic, the exercise
of determining whether the claimant’s claims come within the scope of the
arbitration agreement for the purposes of determining if the extended doctrine
of res judicata can be of any application need only be carried out with
respect to claims that relate to events predating the commencement of the
relevant arbitration. It would be odd for the court to undertake this analysis
with respect to claims arising from events that took place after the
arbitration had been commenced because these claims by definition could not
have been raised by the claimant in the arbitration even if it wished to.

39 Having concluded that the conspiracy claims come within the scope of the
arbitration clause in the Subscription Agreement, the next question is whether
the conspiracy claims are an abuse of process in the light of all the
circumstances of the case. I answer this in the negative. I agree with Cachet
that there were good reasons why it had not advanced the conspiracy claims as
part of the Haven Arbitration. In this regard, it must be borne in mind that
the court must consider the substance and reality of the situation in
determining if the conspiracy claims could have been brought as part of the
Haven Arbitration (see Goh Nellie ([22] above) at [53]). Cachet, I accept, was
acting with urgency in commencing the Haven Arbitration as to prevent a
further dissipation of the Investment Sum, a risk which became imminent after
it came to learn that the Representations were untrue and when Haven refused
its demand for the return of the Investment Sum. The urgency is evidenced by
the interim application that Cachet had brought before the tribunal seeking to
restrain Haven and/or its agents or servants from disposing of, dealing with,
or diminishing the Investment Sum, which the tribunal granted in the event. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Chow’s Affidavit at para 20.

In these circumstances, it would have been reasonable for Cachet to proceed on
with the Haven Arbitration in an expeditious manner, rather than to insist on
the joinder of Shi and Liu, both of whom are necessary parties if the
conspiracy claims were to be pursued in the Haven Arbitration, a point of
significance to which I return later.

40 Cachet did seek to have Shi joined to the Haven Arbitration on the basis
that the Representations made by Shi were the subject of the Haven
Arbitration, but Shi refused joinder. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOC at paras 29–30.

In connection with this, Liu argues that Cachet had not even made any attempts
to join him as a party to the Haven Arbitration, a point which he says refutes
Cachet’s claim that there were good reasons why Cachet had not advanced the
conspiracy claims in the Haven Arbitration. I am not persuaded by Liu’s
arguments. The fact that Shi refused joinder would have made it clear to
Cachet that there was no point in seeking Liu’s joinder, and in those
circumstances, it was reasonable for Cachet to have proceeded with the Haven
Arbitration in the way they did. This follows from two reasons.

41 First, Shi and Liu’s positions would obviously have been aligned from the
point of the view of Cachet, given that they were both Haven’s directors and
co-founders. In view of Shi’s refusal to joinder, a reasonable person in the
position of Cachet would have come to the view that it was most unlikely that
Liu would have agreed to be joined to the Haven Arbitration. Secondly, the
conspiracy claims had to be pursued against both Liu and Shi. If Shi refused a
joinder, then that was the end of it, and it made little to no sense for the
conspiracy claims to be pursued against Liu alone. Put another way, the
circumstances then were such that Cachet would not have saw any utility or
purpose in seeking the joinder of Liu to the Haven Arbitration.

42 For completeness, I note that in Liu’s affidavits for SUM 2215, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 33(d); 2nd Affidavit of Alex SK Liu (“Liu’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 8.

he appears to take the position that he would have agreed to be joined if
Cachet had sought his joinder at the material time. I do not find this to be
of much assistance to the present analysis. The question of whether Cachet
could have raised the conspiracy claims in the Haven Arbitration requires the
court to consider the circumstances as it existed then, ie, at the time the
Haven Arbitration was commenced. A party’s assertion, after the event, that it
would have agreed to be joined to the arbitration, is of little to no value in
this analysis.

43 There are two further considerations which in my view weigh against the
characterisation of the conspiracy clams as an abuse of process. First, it is
significant that parts of the conspiracy claims – specifically, those
pertaining to how the defendants had caused Haven to vigorously defend the
Haven Arbitration, and how the defendants had caused Shi and Haven to fail to
comply with the arbitral awards against them – are premised upon events
occurring subsequent to the commencement of the Haven Arbitration. I note that
Liu attacks the merits of these claims, but that is not a relevant
consideration in determining if these claims are an abuse of process. The fact
is, because these claims arise from events occurring after the Haven
Arbitration, they could not have been brought as part of the arbitration, even
if Cachet had wished to (see also [38] above).

44 Secondly, and importantly, the conspiracy claims in OC 10 are not a
collateral attack on the outcome of the Haven Arbitration. The presence of a
collateral attack is one which will render the subsequent proceedings “much
more obviously abusive” (see Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm) [2002] AC 1 at
31, cited in Goh Nellie ([22] above) at [52]). No part of the conspiracy
claims in OC 10 challenges what has been determined in the Haven Arbitration,
which might otherwise be the case, for example, if Cachet had relied in
support of the Conspiracy on those representations that the tribunal in the
Haven Arbitration had found to not have been made by Shi or which were not
fraudulently made. To this end, it is significant that the scope of the
“fraudulent misrepresentations” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC at para 33(a)

which Cachet relies on in support of the Conspiracy appears to exclude one of
the Representations which the tribunal did not determine in the Haven
Arbitration as being false. This is because the scope of the “fraudulent
misrepresentations” constituting the Conspiracy are pleaded in the SOC as
being coterminous with the findings of misrepresentation made in the Haven
Arbitration. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at para 28.

45 Liu also argues that the conspiracy claims in OC 10 are oppressive because
Cachet would be relying in OC 10 on the findings of the tribunal in the Haven
Arbitration about the Representations, which he did not have an opportunity to
contest by virtue of not having been a party to the Haven Arbitration. He
argues that it would be unfair to allow Cachet to hold him to the outcome of
the Haven Arbitration as such, and this inevitably meant that the findings in
the Haven Arbitration about the Representations would have to be re-litigated
in OC 10. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Second defendant’s supplemental written submissions at para 7.

I disagree with this submission. First and foremost, given the absence of an
identity of parties, there can be no issue estoppel and/or cause of action
estoppel arising as between Liu and Cachet in so far as the Representations
are concerned. Secondly, I do not see why OC 10 will necessarily involve a re-
litigation of the tribunal’s findings about the Representations. Of course, it
is not in dispute that the conspiracy claims in OC 10 are premised in part on
the Representations (see [8] above). However, it is no part of the conspiracy
claims that Liu had made the Representations or had been responsible in any
way for the Representations. Cachet’s case is simply that Liu knew of the
Representations and that he knew they were false. In other words, to the
extent that the conspiracy claims are made against Shi, and in so far as they
are premised upon the Representations, the main dispute between Cachet and Shi
that will come to be tried in OC 10 is what he personally knew in respect of
both the Representations and their falsity.

46 I next consider Fortune Pharmacal Co Ltd v Falcon Insurance Company (Hong
Kong) Limited and another [2023] HKCA 66 (“Fortune Pharmacal”), a decision of
the Hong Kong Court of Appeal cited by Liu in support of his position that the
extended doctrine of res judicata applied to cases involving related
litigation and arbitration even where the parties to both had not been
identical. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Second defendant’s supplemental written submissions at para 3(c).

In that case, the plaintiff, who was the employer of a construction project,
employed the second defendant as the main contractor pursuant to a contract
between them, which provided for an arbitration clause. The first defendant
was the issuer of a surety bond, which the second defendant had been required
to obtain to guarantee the due performance of its obligations under the
contract. For a claim to be made under the bond, the plaintiff had to prove
breach by the second defendant and damages suffered. The plaintiff commenced
an action for damages against the defendants for breach of the bond and/or the
second defendant’s breach of the contract and negligence in carrying out the
construction works. The second defendant subsequently applied for a stay of
the action pending the outcome of an arbitration that the second defendant had
commenced against the plaintiff prior to the commencement of the court action.
The High Court granted a case management stay against both defendants. The
plaintiff took issue with the case management stay granted against the first
defendant, who was not a party to the contract and the arbitration agreement.
One of the reasons the High Court cited in granting the case management stay
was a real risk of inconsistent findings if the court action against the first
defendant was not stayed (see Fortune Pharmacal at [20]). In arriving at that
finding, the court considered it significant that the first defendant had
already given a written undertaking to be bound by the outcome of the
arbitration, which was presented to the court as part of the case management
stay application. Further, the first defendant’s liability to the plaintiff
under the bond – which was conditional upon the second defendant’s breach and
the plaintiff’s proof of damages – turned precisely on issues that were to be
determined in the arbitration.

47 The plaintiff, dissatisfied with the case management stay granted in favour
of the first defendant, sought leave to appeal from the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal. One of the arguments made by the plaintiff was that the High Court had
erred in law by holding that the plaintiff would also be bound as against the
first defendant in court proceedings in respect of any findings in the
arbitration between itself and the second defendant by virtue of the first
defendant’s undertaking (see Fortune Pharmacal at [21]). The plaintiff argued
that it could only come to be bound by cause of action and/or issue estoppel,
both of which were inapplicable on the facts. The undertaking was at most a
promise by the first defendant that it would refrain from advancing a
different position from determinations made in the arbitration. The plaintiff
argued that it therefore ought to be free to take whatever position it wished
in the court action, irrespective of the findings made in the arbitration.
Therefore, inconsistent findings were unavoidable.

48 The Hong Kong Court of Appeal rejected this submission. It held that the
High Court correctly found that the plaintiff would be bound in the court
action, as against the first defendant, by findings made in the arbitration,
and so inconsistent findings could be avoided by a case management stay (see
Fortune Pharmacal at [29]). The court noted that the underlying issues between
the plaintiff and the first defendant in the court action were the same as
those between the plaintiff and the second defendant in the arbitration, and
so if the plaintiff prevailed in the arbitration, it necessarily would also
prevail in the court action as against the first defendant because of the
latter’s undertaking. The court added that, if the plaintiff did not succeed
in the arbitration, it should not be permitted to have a second bite of the
cherry against the first defendant and run a case in court that is contrary to
the findings made in arbitration, and if it did so, that would constitute
abusive litigation that is liable to be struck out (see Fortune Pharmacal at
[27]–[29]). In the event, the court refused the plaintiff leave to appeal (see
Fortune Pharmacal at [37]).

49 I make the following observations. First, the outcome in Fortune Pharmacal
would appear consistent with the decision I have reached above, namely, that
the extended doctrine of res judicata can still apply even where the parties
to the previous arbitration and subsequent court proceedings are not
identical, provided that the claims in the court proceedings come within the
scope of the underlying arbitration agreement (see [30] above). On the facts
of Fortune Pharmacal, any such claim that the plaintiff pursued against the
first defendant – which would be premised on the second defendant’s liability
under the contract – would have come within the scope of the arbitration
agreement, since that is clearly a dispute “arising from”, or “arising out of
or in connection with” the second defendant’s breaches (though I should caveat
that the exact wording of the arbitration clause in the contract was not
recited in the judgment). Secondly, the facts of Fortune Pharmacal are readily
distinguishable from the present because any subsequent court action that the
plaintiff commences in that case would involve a collateral attack on the
outcome of the already decided arbitration. Given that the first defendant had
already given an undertaking to be bound by the findings in the arbitration,
the plaintiff would pursue the court action only if it was dissatisfied with
the findings in the arbitration and wanted to take positions in the action
that were inconsistent with those findings. This in and of itself would make
the subsequent court proceeding “much more obviously abusive” (see [43]
above). That is not the case here because no part of the claims in OC 10
(whether against Liu only or against the other defendants or them as a whole)
are inconsistent with the findings made in the Haven Arbitration.

50 Finally, let me address the argument by Liu’s counsel that the conspiracy
claims in OC 10 are an abuse of process because they appear to have been
brought with the collateral purpose of enabling Cachet to recover whatever it
had not been able to recover from Haven and/or Shi through the arbitral awards
and subsequent enforcement proceedings. I reject this submission. As I have
observed earlier, given the reliefs sought, the objective which Cachet seeks
to achieve through OC 10 does appear to be that of recovering from the
defendants what it had not yet been able to recover from the Haven Arbitration
and the Deed Arbitration (see [10] above). However, why should that in and of
itself be objectionable? These are sums which Cachet is of the view it is
entitled to recover from the defendants because of the wrongs that they have
perpetrated against it, as alleged in the SOC. Cachet is fully entitled to
mount a claim against the defendants recovering these sums, provided that it
has the requisite legal and factual grounds to do so, a matter which would
eventually be ventilated at the trial of OC 10, and it should not be prevented
from doing so at this stage of the proceedings by way of striking out unless
those claims plainly lack legal or factual basis. There is accordingly nothing
objectionable with the “collateral purpose” which the defendants have
identified. In any event, it is questionable whether this “collateral purpose”
that Liu has identified comes within the scope of the concept of abuse of
process. “Collateral purpose” giving rise to an abuse of process typically
refers to a situation where a claim is brought to use the judicial or
litigation process as a means of vexation and oppression (see Gabriel Peter
([17] above) at [22]); in other words, it is where the claimant seeks to
achieve some objective against the defendant other than what had been prayed
for as reliefs in its claim. Quite evidently, that is not the case here.

51 Therefore, in my view, while the extended doctrine of res judicata can
apply in a situation like the present because the conspiracy claims, in so far
as they relate to events which predate the commencement of the Haven
Arbitration, do come within the scope of the arbitration agreement, these
claims are not an abuse of process because Cachet has good reasons for not
having pursued them in the Haven Arbitration. Liu’s attempt to strike out
Cachet’s conspiracy claims pursuant to O 9 r 16(1)(b) of the ROC 2021
therefore fails.

Whether the conspiracy claims are legally unsustainable

52 Liu’s argument about the conspiracy claims being legally unsustainable is
founded upon the Said v Butt principle, which was explained by the Court of
Appeal in PT Sandipala ([12] above) (at [62] and [65]) in the following terms:

… the Said v Butt principle should be interpreted to exempt directors from
personal liability for the contractual breaches of their company (whether
through the tort of inducement of breach of contract or unlawful means
conspiracy) if their acts, in their capacity as directors, are not in
themselves in breach of any fiduciary or other personal legal duties owed to
the company.

…

… the principle operates as a requirement of liability and not a defence; in
other words, the onus is on the plaintiff to prove that the defendant-
directors’ acts were in breach of their personal legal duties to the company.
Such breach may be a breach of a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests
of the company, or it may be a breach of his contractual duty towards the
company to act within the scope of his authority as granted by the company.

53 The Said v Butt principle affords immunity to directors for tortious
liability that is founded upon the company’s breach of contract, for example,
liabilities arising from the tort of inducing the breach of a contract by the
company, or the tort of unlawful means conspiracy where the unlawful means
pertains to a contractual breach by the company (see PT Sandipala at [54]).
Therefore, for the Said v Butt principle to apply, the claim in tort against
the director must be founded upon the contractual breach of the company (see
PT Sandipala at [73]). The Said v Butt principle therefore delineates the
circumstances in which a director can be personally held liable for the
consequences arising from his company’s breach of contract, to which only the
company and not he himself is a party. Its rationale is to assure that
directors are capable of directing that a contract of the company be
terminated or not be performed if paying damages for the failure to
performance rather than actual performance is in the company’s best interests,
provided that these decisions were made in the best interests of the company
(see PT Sandipala at [50] and [64]).

54 In my view, a defendant-director seeking to strike out claims in tort
against him on the basis of the Said v Butt principle must demonstrate the
following. First, he must show that the claim against him is founded solely on
the company’s contractual breaches. If the claim in question is founded upon
other elements in addition to the company’s contractual breaches, the Said v
Butt principle will not afford immunity to him in respect of that claim, and
accordingly provides no basis for the conclusion that the claim against him is
legally unsustainable. This is because, as the Court of Appeal explained in PT
Sandipala (at [73]):

… even if a director is entitled to the protection of the Said v Butt
principle, this applies only in relation to his tortious liability for
procuring his company’s breach of contract or conspiring with the company to
breach its contract. If a plaintiff can show that the director in question
authorised or procured another tort by the company or employed unlawful means
other than the breach of contract to cause loss to the plaintiff, the director
may still be personally liable for his company’s tort.

[emphasis added]

55 It is therefore a threshold requirement for a defendant seeking to strike
out a claim on the basis of the Said v Butt principle to show that the claim
in question is founded solely upon the company’s contractual breaches. If the
defendant cannot do so, the Said v Butt principle cannot provide any ground on
which it may be concluded that the claim is legally unsustainable, simply
because the defendant-director remains liable for the claim to the extent that
it is remains premised on elements other than the company’s breach of
contract.

56 If the defendant satisfies this first requirement, then he must next go on
to show that the claimant’s pleading contains no material facts relating to
the defendant-director’s breaches of his personal legal duties or fiduciary
duties to the company. This follows because the Said v Butt principle operates
as a requirement of liability (see PT Sandipala at [65]). Accordingly, where a
claimant seeks to hold a company director liable for a tort premised on the
company’s contractual breaches, it must also be part of the claimant’s case –
and properly pleaded and particularised in the Statement of Claim or other
pleading it relies on – that the defendant had acted in breach of his personal
duties to the company so that he is not entitled to protection by the Said v
Butt principle. To this end, it will not suffice for the claimant to merely
plead a bare allegation of breach of fiduciary duties or other personal duties
without the requisite particulars (see OK Tedi Fly River Development
Foundation Ltd and others v Ok Tedi Mining Ltd and others [2023] 3 SLR 652
(“OK Tedi”) at [125]).

57 With this framework in mind, I turn to consider the unlawful means
conspiracy claim first. Evidently, this claim is not mounted on Haven’s
contractual breaches (namely, of the Subscription Agreement) alone. Cachet
also cites three other unlawful acts pursuant to which the Conspiracy was
perpetuated – the fraudulent misrepresentations by Shi, breach of fiduciary
duties to Haven by Shi and Liu, and Liu’s own breach of a Shareholders’
Agreement entered into with Haven’s various shareholders (see [8] above).
Quite plainly, therefore, Liu cannot succeed in striking out the unlawful
means conspiracy claim on the basis of the Said v Butt principle, which
affords no basis for the conclusion that the unlawful means conspiracy claim
is legally unsustainable.

58 Liu’s counsel argued that the SOC only contains a bare allegation that Shi
and Liu had acted in breach of their fiduciary duties to Haven without the
requisite particulars. Without deciding the merit of that argument, I state
for completeness that even if that part of the SOC lacked the requisite
particulars, it is of no consequence in connection with whether the unlawful
means conspiracy claim is legally unsustainable. First, it appears that
Cachet’s reference to Shi and Liu’s breaches of fiduciary duties in the SOC is
made in the context of it being an act pursuant to which the Conspiracy had
been carried out. Secondly, since Liu is not entitled to strike out the
unlawful means conspiracy claim on the basis of the Said v Butt principle, I
need not concern myself with whether Cachet’s pleadings are sufficient to
invoke the exception in the Said v Butt principle for the purposes of this
striking out application.

59 In PT Sandipala ([12] above), which was a case involving unlawful means
conspiracy, the Court of Appeal expressed the view that the Said v Butt
principle would apply equally to a lawful means conspiracy, and the relevant
inquiry is similarly whether the defendant-director had acted in breach of his
duties to the company (see PT Sandipala at [71]). It would appear that, if the
Said v Butt principle is to apply to a claim for lawful means conspiracy, the
relevant “acts” by which the conspiracy was carried out must be that involving
a contractual breach by a company. Therefore, if the defendant seeks to strike
out the claim for lawful means conspiracy on the basis of the Said v Butt
principle, he must similarly show that the “acts” pursuant to which the
conspiracy had been carried out is exclusively that of a breach of contract by
the company. If, according to the claimant’s pleadings, the “acts” pursuant to
which the conspiracy is said to have been carried out encompass those other
than the company’s contractual breaches, then the Said v Butt principle cannot
provide any ground on which it may be concluded that the claim is legally
unsustainable.

60 The High Court’s decision in OK Tedi ([56] above) illustrates this. In that
case, it was pleaded that the second defendant (a company) and the third
defendant (the chairman of the board of directors of the company) had
conspired to engage in certain acts, which amounted to the breach of an
implied term in an instrument known as the “Program Rules”, which is a
schedule to the articles of association of the company (see OK Tedi at [115]).
The court accepted that the Program Rules constituted the relevant contract
for the purposes of the Said v Butt principle, even though there was no
contractual relationship between the plaintiffs and the second defendant (see
OK Tedi at [124]). The court held that the Said v Butt principle was relevant
and applied it in respect of the third defendant, which the court found
rendered the lawful means conspiracy claim against the third defendant legally
unsustainable, because the plaintiffs had merely made a bare allegation that
the third defendant acted in breach of his fiduciary duties to the second
defendant without any particulars (see OK Tedi at [125]).

61 For Liu to strike out the lawful means conspiracy claim on the basis of the
Said v Butt principle, he must similarly show that the “acts” pursuant to
which the Conspiracy was carried out is exclusively that of Haven’s
contractual breaches. That is not the case here. The Conspiracy, which also
underlies the unlawful means conspiracy claim, relates to various acts other
than Haven’s breaches of the Subscription Agreement, which involved, among
other pleaded acts, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

SOC at para 32.

the defendants’ failure to procure the return of the Investment Sum upon
Cachet’s demand, the defendants’ siphoning of monies (which included the
Investment Sum) from Haven by surreptitious means for self-enrichment, the
defendants’ participation in Shi’s defence in the Deed Arbitration, and the
defendants’ vigorous defence of the Cachet’s claims in the Haven Arbitration
(see [9] above). Since the Conspiracy as pleaded in the SOC relates to matters
other than Haven’s breach of contract, the Said v Butt principle cannot
provide any ground on which it can be concluded that the lawful means
conspiracy claim is legally unsustainable.

Whether the conspiracy claims are factually unsustainable

62 I now turn to the last remaining ground on which Liu seeks to strike out
the conspiracy claims in OC 10 – that they are factually unsustainable. As I
mentioned earlier, Liu has relied on two arguments in support.

63 Liu’s first argument is that the pleaded facts in the SOC do not disclose a
conspiracy and they lack particulars as to how Liu had been involved in the
Conspiracy. For example, in connection with the various acts which Cachet has
pleaded as having been performed pursuant to the Conspiracy, Liu argues that
it is not apparent from those pleaded facts that Liu had even been involved.
One such instance cited by Liu’s counsel is the averment in the SOC that the
defendants had caused, persisted and/or participated in Shi’s defence of the
Deed Arbitration and Shi’s failure or refusal to comply with the Deed Award,
on the face of which there is nothing indicative of how Liu had been involved
in any of those acts.

64 As I mentioned earlier, I had some difficulty with Liu’s first argument
because Liu appears to be saying that the SOC discloses no reasonable cause of
action which is premised on O 9 r 16(1)(a), yet Liu also explicitly confirmed
that he is not seeking to rely on O 9 r 16(1)(a) for striking out. Liu’s first
argument, when transposed to the context of O 9 r 16(1)(c), appears to be the
following: because the pleaded facts do not show how Liu had been involved in
various aspects of the Conspiracy, the claim is weak and therefore factually
unsustainable. A claimant seeking to sue another is obliged to plead all
material facts constituting a complete cause of action and furnish sufficient
particulars for the defendant to have reasonable notice of the case it has to
meet (see Chandra Winata Lie v Citibank NA [2015] 1 SLR 875 at [34]), but its
burden as a pleader does not oblige it to plead facts that disclose a strong
or meritorious case. That there are insufficient facts pleaded which make the
claim appear weak or unmeritorious is no ground for striking out, unless the
insufficiency is of such an extent that the pleadings are defective and
thereby disclose no reasonable cause of action. That, however, is not the
position that Liu has taken, and he also does not go so far to say that, given
that he has opted to not rely on O 9 r 16(1)(a). For the avoidance of doubt, I
should add that I make no comment on whether the pleadings are deficient or
whether they lack particulars since this was not the issue argued before me.
The point made here is simply that Liu’s first argument effectively seeks to
fit a square peg in a round hole and I do not see how that can assist him for
the purposes of O 9 r 16(1)(c).

65 I now turn to Liu’s second argument, where he advances the following points
in support of his position that the Cachet’s claims are factually
unsustainable: (a) that he was unaware of the Representations; 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 36(a); Liu’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 10–11.

(b) that he had not been involved in the siphoning out of monies from Haven,
because any sums paid by Haven to him were for his salary and “sign on” bonus,
both of which were commensurate to his responsibilities in Haven, and further,
the making of such payments is also industry practice for high-ranking
executives like him; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 36(b); Liu’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 13–14.

(c) that he had no control over the movement of monies out of Haven as he was
not a signatory of Haven’s bank accounts; 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 36(b).

(d) he had not acted in breach of director’s duties to Haven, and in any
event, Haven’s decision to defend the Haven Arbitration was one made by the
majority of the board of directors of Haven and over which Shi had a veto, and
he also believed defending the Haven Arbitration to be in the best interests
of Haven; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 36(c); Liu’s 2nd Affidavit at para 12.

(e) he denies that Haven had, as Cachet alleged, persistently refused
disclosure of its employment contracts; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Liu’s 2nd Affidavit at para 15.

(f) Haven was unable to comply with the terms of the Haven Award because it
had no monies, and in any event, he had resigned as a director after November
2019; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 36(d); Liu’s 2nd Affidavit at para 16.

and (g) in respect of the Deed Arbitration, he was not a party and had no
control over Shi, and so should not held responsible in connection with
developments arising from the Deed Arbitration. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Liu’s 1st Affidavit at para 36(e).

66 What Liu must show for present purposes is that it is “clear beyond
question” that the pleaded facts in the SOC are contradicted by the evidence
he has adduced. It does not suffice for Liu to merely show that Cachet’s
claims are weak or that they are not likely to succeed (see Gabriel Peter
([17] above) at [21]). In this case, Liu is far from meeting the requisite
threshold, because all he has pointed to in his affidavits for SUM 2215 is his
own account of the relevant events, which are diametrically opposed to the
pleaded facts as well as the evidence that Cachet has adduced in response for
the purposes of SUM 2215. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Chow’s Affidavit at paras 43–54; Claimant’s written submissions at paras 60,
64–65, 67 and 68.

Save in the plainest of cases, the court should not in a striking out
application choose between conflicting accounts of crucial facts (see The
Bunga Melati 5 ([18] above) at [45]). This caution applies precisely in this
case given the nature of the conflicting accounts between the parties and the
significant extent to which they are conflicting. It emphasises the need for
the disputed issues to be determined pursuant to a full fact-finding process
and that the case is not one appropriate for striking out.

Conclusion

67 For the reasons above, I am not satisfied that Cachet’s claims against Liu
in OC 10 are an abuse of process and/or that they are legally unsustainable
and/or factually unsustainable. Liu has therefore not persuaded the court that
these claims ought to be struck out pursuant to O 9 r 16(1)(b) or O 9 r
16(1)(c) of the ROC 2021. Accordingly, I dismiss SUM 2215. I will hear the
parties on the costs of SUM 2215 separately.

Perry Peh  
Assistant Registrar|  
---|---  
  
Leow Jiamin and Nicole Seah (WongPartnership LLP) for the claimant;

N Sreenivasan SC and Claire Tan (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC) (instructed) and
Kelvin Lee and Samantha Ong (WNLEX LLC) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Oct 2023 (17:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

