Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 280

Originating Application No 652 of 2023  
(Summons No 2452 of 2023)

Between

ILC Co, Ltd

… Applicant

And

(1)| Saitama Hiroshi  
---|---  
(2)| Hora Yohei  
(3)| Asia Capital Management Pte Ltd.  
(4)| Oshima Yumiko  
  
… Respondents

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contempt of court — Civil contempt — Breach of disclosure order under Mareva
injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ILC Co, Ltd

  
v

  

Saitama Hiroshi and others

[2023] SGHC 280

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 652 of 2023
(Summon No 2452 of 2023)  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 September 2023

4 October 2023.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was the application by the plaintiff for committal against the 3rd and
4th respondents, pursuant to leave granted in ILC Co, Ltd v Saitama Hiroshi
and others [2023] SGHC 206. No action has been taken against the 1st and 2nd
respondents because they have not been served with process although a Mareva
injunction was ordered against them as well as the 3rd and 4th respondents.
The 1st and 2nd respondents are enjoined up to US$6,718,925.11, and the 3rd
and 4th respondents to US$194,031.23. The 3rd and 4th respondents have the
full sum of the claim against them set aside in a separate bank account with
the Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS”) to the satisfaction of the
plaintiff, and as such, declined to disclose further assets to the plaintiff.

2 The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Janssen Chow (“Mr Chow”), submitted that such
partial disclosure was a breach of the terms of the Mareva injunction order
and thus brought the present committal proceedings against the 3rd and 4th
respondents. The plaintiff believes that the 3rd and 4th respondents are
assisting the 1st respondent to conceal (and possibly dissipate) his assets.
The plaintiff thus asked for the 3rd and 4th respondents to be committed for
contempt, unless they make full disclosure within two weeks from the date of
the judgement.

3 Mr Mark Tan (“Mr Tan”), counsel for the 3rd and 4th respondents argued that
the plaintiff’s committal application has no merits because the 3rd and 4th
respondents have already satisfied the Mareva injunction (and disclosure
order) made against them. They had secured the plaintiff’s full claim against
them by setting aside US$194,031.23 in a separate DBS bank account until
further order. The 3rd and 4th respondents undertook not to draw down on this
US$194,031.23. They say that they have no connection with the plaintiff’s
claim against the 1st and 2nd respondents, and that the plaintiff should not
be allowed to use the disclosure obligation under the Mareva injunction for
the extraneous purpose of going beyond protecting its US$194,031.23 claim
against them. Using the disclosure obligation in this way, is an abuse of
process.

4 I agree with Mr Tan. The purpose of a Mareva injunction is to preserve
assets claimed by a plaintiff until trial. The 3rd and 4th respondents’
securing of this US$194,031.23 has satisfied the order against them. It
preserves the US$194,031.23 claimed by the plaintiff against them. The
plaintiff’s insistence on seeking further disclosure from the 3rd and 4th
respondents is based on its belief that they are concealing assets for the 1st
respondent. However, the plaintiff has shown no evidence of this. It alleged
that the 4th respondent shared a close and personal relationship with the 1st
respondent, and that this must lend credence to the allegations of hiding
assets. This assertion is also not borne out in the emails that the plaintiff
relies on. On the contrary, the emails merely show a business relationship
between the two. In any event, a close and personal relationship alone is not
indicative that one party is hiding assets on behalf of another. Allegations
of such wrongful behaviour must be specifically proved. What the plaintiff has
against the 3rd and 4th respondents are speculations drawn simply from the
fact that the 4th respondent knows the 1st respondent, or that the 1st
respondent was a previous director in the 3rd respondent. There is no
presumption nor adverse inference to be drawn on the basis of friendship or
directorship alone.

5 The plaintiff’s persistence in obtaining disclosure about other assets of
the 3rd and 4th respondents as an indirect means of obtaining information
about the 1st respondent’s assets is not proper. The disclosure obligation of
a Mareva injunction should be used to obtain information about the particular
party’s assets, and not for the purposes of finding out about potential assets
of another party. This is all the more so when there is insufficient evidence
to establish the link between said party and the assets of another.

6 This is not the only procedurally improper aspect of the plaintiff’s claim.
It applied for the Mareva injunction under HC/OA 153/2023, which was an
application for leave for the plaintiff to commence a derivative action under
s 216A of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) on behalf of
Asian Energy Investments Pte Ltd (“AEI”), the company at the centre of the
suit. This was because at that point in time, the plaintiff was only a
minority shareholder of AEI, and the 1st and 2nd respondents were on the board
of AEI. In the affidavit filed in support of obtaining the Mareva injunction
(dated 22 February 2023), the plaintiff had stated that it was unlikely that
the plaintiff would proceed with OA 153 because the plaintiff was intending to
replace the 1st and 2nd respondents as directors of AEI and to gain control of
AEI’s board, before arranging for AEI to commence the claim against the
respondents directly. Counsel for the plaintiff confirmed before me that this
was still the case and as the plaintiff is no longer the minority shareholder,
fresh proceedings would be commenced by AEI directly against the respondents
in due course.

7 This is procedurally wrong. First, the plaintiff should not be asking for
leave to bring a s 216A Companies Act derivative action when the plaintiff
knew from the outset it was unlikely to maintain the derivative action. It had
the support of a major shareholder from the beginning, and together, the two
shareholders held a majority shareholding in AEI. They could have started a
suit against the respondents directly through AEI. Secondly, and in any event,
based on evidence tendered by the 4th respondent, the plaintiff itself has
been the majority shareholder of AEI since 27 July 2023 (at the latest). The
plaintiff has acknowledged that the 1st and 2nd respondents had been removed
as directors of AEI on 26 April 2023. There is thus no reason for the present
action to be maintained and for the plaintiff to maintain a s 216A Companies
Act derivative action on behalf of AEI against the respondents.

8 The committal application against the 3rd and 4th respondents was therefore
dismissed. Costs in the sum of $4,000 each, plus reasonable disbursements,
were awarded to the 3rd and 4th defendants.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Jansen Chow, Ang Leong Hao and Faith Hwang (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the applicant;  
Mark Tan, Zeng Hanyi and Edward N Ong (Focus Law Asia LLC) for the 3rd and 4th
respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Oct 2023 (12:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

