Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 298

Originating Application No 867 of 2023

Between

| H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law — Dispute resolution — Adjudication — Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 — Setting aside —
Interpretation of s 13(3)(a)]

[Statutory Interpretation — Interpretation Act — Applicability to s 13(3)(a)
of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004]

[Statutory Interpretation — Statutes — Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act 2004]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 298

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 867 of 2023  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
9 October 2023

23 October 2023

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

1 The Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (2020
Rev Ed) (“SOPA”) provides a regime for the determination and enforcement of
interim payments for construction work that operates in accordance with strict
timelines and time periods. This matter concerned one such period, namely the
period within which an adjudication application must be made under s 13(3)(a)
of SOPA. The question was whether the seven-day period to file an adjudication
application after the entitlement to do so arises includes or excludes that
day.

2 The claimant, H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd, applied to set aside
an adjudication determination made under SOPA in favour of the defendant, Mega
Team Engineering Pte Ltd. I dismissed the claimant’s application and give my
reasons below to provide guidance to future parties utilising the adjudication
regime set out in SOPA.

3 The claimant had engaged the defendant to supply labour under a sub-contract
in relation to a building and construction project. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit dated 28 August 2023 (“Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit”) at
para 6.

Pursuant to this sub-contract, the defendant submitted a payment claim to the
claimant on 30 May 2023, which the claimant was required to respond to by 20
June 2023. The claimant failed to do so and consequently, the seven-day
dispute settlement period commenced: see s 12(2)(b) read with ss 11(1) and
12(6) of SOPA. The dispute settlement period ended on 27 June 2023, by which
time the claimant had still not provided a payment response to the defendant’s
payment claim. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at para 9.

Subsequently, on 6 July 2023, the defendant made an adjudication application
under s 13 of SOPA. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at pp 105–111.

The adjudicator issued his determination on 21 August 2023. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at pp 113–166.

4 On 28 August 2023, the claimant filed the present application for the
determination to be set aside on two grounds:

(a) per s 27(6)(d) of SOPA, as the adjudication application was made after the
end of the prescribed period for making it under s 13(3)(a) of SOPA; and/or

(b) per s 27(6)(e) of SOPA, as the adjudicator failed to recognise patent
errors in the adjudication application, in contravention of his duties as set
out in ss 17(2) and (4) of SOPA.

5 In relation to the first ground, s 12(2) of SOPA provides that the right to
make an adjudication application arises “if, by the end of the dispute
settlement period, the dispute is not settled or the respondent does not
provide the payment response, as the case may be”. Parties agreed that the
dispute settlement period ended on 27 June 2023. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 9 October 2023 at p 1.

Thus, the defendant became entitled to make the adjudication application on 28
June 2023. The issue before me concerned the requirement that an adjudication
application “must be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant
to make an adjudication application first arises under section 12”: see s
13(3)(a) of SOPA.

6 The claimant submitted that as the defendant’s right to make an adjudication
application arose on 28 June 2023, the seven-day period under s 13(3)(a) of
SOPA commenced on 28 June 2023 at 0000hrs. By way of an aside, 29 June 2023
was a public holiday, and consequently (as parties agreed) this day was
excluded from the calculation of the seven-day period. The defendant was, in
the claimant’s submission, therefore required to make the adjudication
application by 5 July 2023 at 2359hrs. As the defendant only made the
application on 6 July 2023, the claimant submitted that it was made out of
time and hence the determination should be set aside pursuant to s 27(6)(d) of
SOPA, ie, the adjudication application was not made in accordance with SOPA.
Pursuant to s 16(2) of SOPA, an adjudicator must reject an adjudication
application that is not made within the time period prescribed by s 13(3)(a).

7 The claimant’s interpretation of s 13(3)(a) of SOPA differed from that of
the adjudicator, who held that the claimant’s entitlement to make the
adjudication application “first arose on 28 June 2023, and the 7-day period to
lodge the [a]djudication [a]pplication was to commence on 29 June 2023 … and
would therefore end on 6 July 2023”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at p 139, at para 91.

8 The claimant highlighted that:

(a) a guide on application timelines under SOPA published by the Building and
Construction Authority depicts the seven-day period as including the day on
which entitlement arose in an infographic; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at p 171.

and

(b) a checklist issued by the Singapore Mediation Centre as part of the form
used to make an adjudication application states that the adjudication
application should be made within seven days of the expiry of the dispute
settlement period, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at p 191.

which would therefore include the day on which entitlement arose. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 2 October 2023 (“Claimant’s Written
Submissions”) at paras 40–41.

9 The defendant submitted that the seven-day period commences the day after
entitlement arises, and does not include the day on which it does so. The
defendant noted that the adjudicator’s interpretation is consistent with the
decision in YTL Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Balanced Engineering & Construction
Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 142 (“YTL”). Further, the defendant relied on s 50(a) of
the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IA”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 October 2023 at paras 3.2.1–3.2.5.

10 In YTL, Tan Siong Thye J stated at [36] that the dispute settlement period
there ended on 7 October 2013 and the entitlement to make the adjudication
application arose on 8 October 2013, with the seven-day period commencing the
day after and therefore ending on 15 October 2013. There is no indication that
the point was argued before him however, and a difference of a day would not
have mattered in that case.

11 Turning to s 50(a) of the IA, this states that “unless the contrary
intention appears — a period of days from the happening of an event or the
doing of any act or thing is deemed to be exclusive of the day on which the
event happens or the act or thing is done”. The day on which the entitlement
arose should therefore, unless a contrary intention appears, be excluded from
the seven-day period.

12 The claimant submitted that s 50(a) of the IA ought not to apply to the
interpretation of s 13(3)(a) of SOPA because, first, there is no need to apply
s 50(a) of the IA to ensure that a claimant under the SOPA regime enjoys the
full seven-day period. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions at paras 24–27.

Second, applying s 50(a) of the IA would result in an “absurd outcome” because
parties making an adjudication application would be conferred a period of
eight days as opposed to seven days as provided for by s 13(3)(a) of SOPA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions at para 28.

Both of these arguments simply begged the question of how the provision should
be interpreted. There is nothing absurd about the proper interpretation
permitting the adjudication applicant a period of eight days after the expiry
of the dispute settlement period, which equates to seven days after the day on
which entitlement arose.

13 At one point, the claimant suggested that the position described in YTL
would mean that the adjudication applicant cannot make the application on the
day the entitlement arises, and such an interruption would be absurd. I agree
that such an interruption would be absurd but there is no basis for contending
that there is any such interruption. The question is only how to compute the
continuous period for making an adjudication application.

14 I disagreed with the claimant’s submissions. In my view, the ordinary
meaning of s 13(3)(a) of SOPA may be approached in two steps. The first step
is to answer the question, “when does the entitlement arise?”. As a matter of
ordinary language and common sense, would the entitlement be said to arise on
the day following the end of the dispute settlement period, or upon the second
or minute following the end of the dispute settlement period? SOPA makes no
mention of seconds, minutes, or times of day, only of days. The SOPA regime
operates in days. This context of the time periods adopted within SOPA itself
leads the ordinary reader to the conclusion that the entitlement arises on the
day and not at any particular time on that day. To have a day to do something
after that would mean a complete day. The second step is then to consider what
is meant by the phrase the adjudication application “must be made within 7
days after the entitlement of the claimant to make an adjudication application
first arises under section 12” [emphasis added]. Thus, as a matter of ordinary
language, the seven-day period after the entitlement arises will commence on
the day after.

15 The English common law on the computation of time from a certain date has
been summarised by Chan Seng Onn J in the case of Suresh s/o Suppiah v Jiang
Guoliang [2016] 4 SLR 645 (“Suresh”), where he was considering the computation
of limitation periods. Counsel for the claimant referred to this case and
sought to draw support from the exposition in dicta of a possible exception to
the general rule. The general rule at common law was that the day of the event
was excluded from the computation of the period within which a person must act
upon that event. The possible exception was said to be where a cause of action
technically accrues between two dates: see Suresh at [53]. For my part, I
would not conceive of an untimed moment existing between two dates, or between
any two time periods. Any moment of time, for the purpose of human reckoning,
must be within one day or another, and not between them. Conventionally,
midnight may belong to the preceding date, but the first split second after
midnight belongs to the next day.

16 The common law rule (using the word rule in its broad sense) springs from a
conventional assumption that people make, when given a number of days to
complete a task, an assumption that arose in the age before everyone had their
own means of keeping accurate time. That common law rule found expression in s
50(a) of the IA. This section supports the work of legislative draftsmen by
facilitating the economical use of language when describing time periods.
While I would not go so far as to say that the contrary intention needs to be
express, it must certainly be clear. I do not discern any contrary intention
in SOPA that justifies not applying s 50(a) of the IA to the interpretation of
s 13(3)(a) of SOPA. Counsel for the claimant also failed to point me toward
any material that substantiated his claim that applying s 50(a) was contrary
to parliamentary intention relating to SOPA.

17 It follows that the BCA’s infographic and the SMC’s checklist referred to
above at [8] do not accurately reflect the correct position that the day on
which the entitlement to make an adjudication application arises is excluded
from the seven-day period provided by s 13(3)(a) of SOPA. I also observe that
they make different errors. One fails to exclude the day on which entitlement
arises in computing the seven-day period, while the other starts the seven-day
period after expiry of the dispute settlement period instead of the statutory
provision for seven days after entitlement arises.

18 Turning to the second ground of alleged failure to recognise patent errors,
the claimant submitted that the adjudicator failed to satisfy himself on a
positive basis that the defendant had a prima facie case for the value of its
claim. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions at paras 46–47.

In my view, this was not a case where the errors as alleged could be said to
be obvious, manifest, or otherwise easily recognisable. One alleged patent
error concerned the claim for payment in relation to drilling of starter bars.
The claimant contended that the terms of the sub-contract obliged the
defendant to install the starter bars prior to concrete casting, and to bear
the cost of drilling post-casting unless this was “through no fault of the
[defendant]’s own”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at p 221.

While the adjudicator did not deal expressly with this point, there was
relevant material before him that he was entitled to take into account,
including the fact of previous certification of this type of work in allowing
the claim. The second alleged patent error concerned alleged inconsistencies
in the documents. For this point, the adjudicator considered at length the
sufficiency of the evidence provided by the defendant to prove its claim. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Soh Yan Teng’s Affidavit at p 144, at paras 108–109, and p 146, at para 115.

In reality, both points went to the merits of the determination which the
adjudicator undertook in accordance with his duties under s 17 of SOPA. They
did not begin to rise to the level of obvious or manifest errors. Neither were
they otherwise easily recognisable errors.

19 For these reasons, I dismissed the claimant’s application to set aside the
determination and ordered costs of $13,000 all-in to the defendant.

20 Finally, pursuant to s 27(5) of SOPA read with O 36 r 3(2) of the Rules of
Court 2021, the claimant furnished security of the sum payable under the
determination, excluding the costs incurred by the adjudication. Given my
decision, I made the consequential order for the security furnished to be
released. If necessary, the defendant may apply pursuant to s 27 of SOPA to
enforce the determination as a judgment or an order of court. During the
hearing, the claimant’s solicitors informed me of the claimant’s intention to
appeal against my decision and made an oral application for a stay of the
enforcement of the determination. As there was no material in support of such
a stay, I made no order on the oral application and told counsel that if an
application for stay is filed with supporting material, it will be heard on
its merits.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
John Lim Kwang Meng, Ng Kai Ling and Lee Yu Xin Audrey (LIMN Law Corporation)
for the claimant;

Joseph Tay Weiwen, Swah Yeqin, Shirin and Claire Tan Su Yin (Shook Lin & Bok
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Oct 2023 (10:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

