Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 177

Originating Application No 891 of 2022

Between

(1)| Fu Zhihui Alvin  
---|---  
(2)| Authorities Services Pte Ltd  
  
… Applicants

And

| Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Companies — Restoration of struck-off company]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Fu Zhihui Alvin and another

  
v

  

Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority

[2023] SGHC 177

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 891 of 2022  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
17, 25 January 2023

26 June 2023

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 In this application, the first applicant, Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin (“Mr Fu”),
sought to have a company, Authorities Services Pte Ltd (“ASPL”), which he had
previously applied to strike off the register of companies (the “Register”),
restored to the Register (the “Application”). The purpose of restoration was
to enable Mr Fu, the sole director and shareholder of ASPL, to use the company
as a vehicle for investments. After considering the arguments put before me, I
found that Mr Fu had locus standi to bring this Application and that it was
just to order the restoration. Therefore, I granted the application.

Facts

The parties

2 The first applicant was Mr Fu, a Singaporean, who was at all times the sole
director and shareholder of ASPL. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at para 8.

3 The second applicant, ASPL, was a company incorporated by Mr Fu in Singapore
on 16 October 2015. Mr Fu set up ASPL to provide consultancy services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at paras 6–7.

4 The respondent was the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
(“ACRA”).

Background

5 On 8 February 2011, Mr Fu established a company, AF Holdings Pte Ltd
(“AFH”). AFH provided, and continues to provide, real estate agency services.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at para 5.

On 16 October 2015, Mr Fu incorporated ASPL to provide consultancy services
under a separate business.

6 In or around December 2018, Mr Fu decided to focus on his real estate agency
business in AFH and cease offering consultancy services through ASPL. Since Mr
Fu no longer required ASPL, in or around December 2018, Mr Fu, in his capacity
as director of ASPL, applied to ACRA under s 344A of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) for ASPL to be struck off. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at paras 10–11.

Pursuant to that application, on 7 March 2019, ASPL was struck off the
Register. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 5.

At the time of striking off, ASPL had no assets and no liabilities. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at paras 13 and 15.

Since ASPL had been struck off the Register at the time of this Application,
it cannot be an applicant in this action: see s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act
1965 (2020 Rev Ed) and Re Haeusler, Thomas [2021] 4 SLR 1407 at [35]. Mr Fu is
therefore the sole applicant.

7 On 29 December 2022, Mr Fu filed the present Application for ASPL to be
restored to the Register, pursuant to s 344(5) of the Companies Act 1967 (2020
Rev Ed)(the “Companies Act”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 1.

This is because Mr Fu sought to use ASPL as a vehicle to make investments, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at paras 18–20; Applicants’
written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 6.

and claimed that restoring ASPL to the Register required less time and lower
costs than incorporating a new company. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at para 19.

The parties’ cases

8 Mr Fu relied on the framework for restoration of a company to the Register
set out in Re Asia Petan Organisation Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 435 (“Re Asia
Petan”) at [31].

9 Mr Fu argued that he had locus standi to make the Application,
notwithstanding that he had applied for ASPL to be struck off the Register. Mr
Fu relied on cases including Ganesh Paulraj v Avantgarde Shipping Pte Ltd
[2019] 4 SLR 617 (“Ganesh”) and Re Blenheim Leisure (Restaurants) Ltd (No 2)
[2000] BCC 821 (“Re Blenheim”). Mr Fu submitted that he was “the sole
shareholder of ASPL and [had] an interest in restoring the company so that it
may be used to make investments”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 16.

10 Moreover, Mr Fu argued that it would be “just” to restore ASPL to the
Register because Mr Fu may thereby use ASPL to carry out investments, and this
would confer Mr Fu the practicable benefit of saved time and costs of
incorporating a new company. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 18.

Mr Fu claimed that ASPL had not been involved in any disputes with other
parties and had no financial or tax problems. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 19; Mr Fu Zhihui
Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at para 19.

Additionally, there would be no prejudice to any party. Mr Fu asserted that
“ASPL ha[d] no debts or liabilities, and there [we]re no unresolved claims or
pending proceedings against it”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 19.

He also “agreed to make any undertakings required, including bringing ASPL’s
annual returns up to date.” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 19.

11 This Application was unopposed. ACRA had been informed of the application
to restore but did not participate in the present proceedings. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicants’ written submissions dd 13 January 2023 at para 3 and Annex 1.

Issues to be determined

12 In making my decision, I considered the following issues:

(a) Whether Mr Fu, notwithstanding that he was the party who applied for ASPL
to be struck off, had sufficient standing to make the present application.

(b) Whether any practicable benefit would arise from the restoration of ASPL
to the Register.

The law governing restoration

13 Section 344(5) of the Companies Act governs the restoration of companies
struck off the Register, and it is reproduced below:

If any person feels aggrieved by the name of the company having been struck
off the [R]egister, the Court, on an application made by the person at any
time within 6 years after the name of the company has been so struck off may,
if satisfied that the company was, at the time of the striking off, carrying
on business or in operation or otherwise that it is just that the name of the
company be restored to the [R]egister, order the name of the company to be
restored to the [R]egister …

[emphasis added]

It is part of s 344, which empowers the Registrar of Companies (the
“Registrar”) to strike off a company which the Registrar has reason to believe
is no longer carrying on business or not in operation (Re Asia Petan at [15]).

14 Conversely, s 344A of the Companies Act came into force on 3 January 2016
and empowers the Registrar to strike off a company on the application of the
company. Section 344A was the legal provision on which basis Mr Fu had applied
to strike off ASPL. In Re Asia Petan, at [16], the Honourable Judicial
Commissioner Audrey Lim (as she then was) held that s 344(5) of the Companies
Act is a general provision empowering the court to restore a company that was
previously struck off by virtue of its own application, notwithstanding the
fact that s 344A of the Companies Act does not contain a provision similar to
that in s 344(5) of the Companies Act to restore a company. Mr Fu was
therefore able to rely on s 344(5) of the Companies Act in this case, since it
involved ASPL, a company struck off under s 344A of the Companies Act.

15 In order to restore a defunct company under s 344(5) of the Companies Act,
the statute provides that an applicant must satisfy three requirements:

(a) First, the applicant must be an “aggrieved person” (the “Locus Standi
Requirement”).

(b) Second, the application must be made within six years after the defunct
company was struck off. The Application satisfied this requirement.

(c) Third, the court must be satisfied that:

(i) at the time of striking off, the company was carrying on business or in
operation; or

(ii) it is just that the name of the company be restored to the Register (the
“Just Requirement”).

16 In Re Asia Petan, Lim JC set out several principles for the determination
of whether the Locus Standi Requirement and the Just Requirement
(collectively, the “Requirements”) were satisfied (Re Asia Petan at [31]).
Subsequently, in Ganesh, the Honourable Justice Aedit Abdullah agreed with
these principles and provided further guidance (Ganesh at [13]). I summarise
and apply these principles when considering each Requirement, in turn.

The Locus Standi Requirement

The law

17 To demonstrate locus standi, an applicant “must demonstrate some
proprietary or pecuniary interest arising from the company’s restoration”. Lim
JC stressed that such interest “need not be firmly established or highly
likely to prevail, but it must not be merely shadowy” [emphasis added] (Re
Asia Petan at [31]).

18 Subsequently, in Ganesh, Abdullah J held that the Locus Standi Requirement
would be fulfilled where the application was made by a director of a company
who may have possible outstanding claims, and that whether or not such an
action would be successful was not relevant so long as there was potential for
some recovery for the company. This was the case on the facts in Ganesh, where
the applicant was a director of the struck-off company and sought to restore
the company to pursue a contractual claim owed by the respondent to the case,
who purportedly owed an outstanding sum to the company. Further, Abdullah J
held that a shareholder of a company (corporate or otherwise) would have the
requisite pecuniary interest in the restoration of a company (Ganesh at
[14]–[15], [23]).

19 However, in Ganesh, Abdullah J also widened the test for establishing locus
standi. He opined that “the test for standing need not … be as narrow as the
Re Asia Petan formulation may be perceived to be”. This meant that even if
there were no separately demonstrable pecuniary interest, a director of a
struck-off company, by his position alone, would have sufficient connection
and proximity to the struck off-company that would independently furnish some
basis for standing as an applicant under s 344(5) of the Companies Act
(subject to the establishment of a practicable benefit accruing under the Just
Requirement) (Ganesh at [16]).

20 Abdullah J’s liberal approach towards the Locus Standi Requirement was
founded on the objective of the Locus Standi Requirement – ie, to limit s
344(5) of the Companies Act applications to those with some direct and
tangible interest in the outcome and, ultimately, to sieve out unmeritorious
applications. He aptly stated that “[t]his is to limit the field of potential
applicants for restoration; so that those merely officious or opportunistic,
without any real connection to the company, could not bring themselves within
the statute”. Hence, although Re Asia Petan cast the requirement of interest
in a particular manner (ie, by way of potential injury, harm or detriment),
the rationale of sieving out unmeritorious applications offered robust
guidance on standing (Ganesh at [18]–[19]). Abdullah J also found that this
rationale was evident in the English authorities on the restoration of a
company, pursuant to s 352 of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (the
“Companies Act 1948”), such as In re Wood and Martin (Bricklaying Contractors)
Ltd [1971] 1 WLR 293 and In re Roehampton Swimming Pool Ltd [1968] 1 WLR 1693.
Section 352 of the Companies Act 1948 gives the court the power to declare
that the dissolution of a company is void, on the application of the company
liquidator or any other person “who appears to the court to be interested”
(Ganesh at [19]–[20]). He concluded that in the English authorities, the
English Courts had the objective of giving a realistic and practical
circumference to standing and to exclude the merely curious or concerned.

The decision

21 In the present case, the first question was whether Mr Fu constituted an
“aggrieved person” and therefore satisfied the Locus Standi Requirement,
notwithstanding the fact that he had applied on ASPL’s behalf to strike off
ASPL.

22 Counsel for Mr Fu referred to the facts of Ganesh. In Ganesh, the applicant
and two others were at all material times directors of the company (Ganesh at
[2]). As the company was deemed redundant at the time, one of the directors
(who was not the applicant in that case) suggested that the company be shut
down. The applicant and the other director agreed to the suggestion, and an
application to have the company struck off the Register was made thereafter
(Ganesh at [4]). Even though the applicant seeking the restoration of the
company had originally agreed for the company to be struck off, which led to
the company being struck off the Register, Abdullah J granted a restoration of
the company under s 344(5) of the Companies Act. Abdullah J expressly stated
that “[t]he Applicant’s participation in the striking off does not remove his
standing” (Ganesh at [29]). Counsel for Mr Fu submitted that the facts of
Ganesh support a finding that Mr Fu has locus standi.

23 I agreed with the submission of Mr Fu’s counsel that the facts of Ganesh
were akin to those in the present case. Even though it was unclear whether the
applicant for restoration in Ganesh was the same person who applied for the
company to be struck off, it was clear that the applicant had given his
approval for the company to be struck off, which eventually led to the company
being struck off the Register. In my view, there was no material difference
between a person who had applied on the company’s behalf for the company to be
struck off (as was the case here) and a person who participated in having the
company be struck off the Register (as was the case in Ganesh).

24 Further, even though the wording of the statute (ie, that the applicant
must “feel aggrieved by the name of the company having been struck off the
[R]egister”) suggests that the applicant cannot be aggrieved by its own
previous actions of striking off the company, the case law appears to have
taken a wider view. In Arnold World Trading Pty Ltd v ACN 133 427 335 Pty
Limited [2010] NSWSC 1369 at [43], the Supreme Court of New South Wales
(Equity Division) held that whether an applicant is a “person aggrieved” by
the deregistration of a company is “considered by reference to legal rights
and legal interests” (in the context of s 601AH(2)(a)(i) of the Australian
Corporations Act 2011 (Cth)). This was affirmed as a statement of principle in
Re Asia Petan (at [30]). There, the High Court interpreted the statement to
mean “the applicant’s interest must have been affected by the dissolution of
the company, in the sense of some right of value or potential value having
gone out of existence” [emphasis added]. According to s 344A(2) of the
Companies Act, an application by the company to strike off its name must be
made “on the company’s behalf by its directors or by a majority of them”. It
is clear that a director would lose “some right of value or potential value”
if his or her company was struck out. Lim JC had also emphasised that “s
344(5) of the [Companies] Act should be interpreted broadly” (Re Asia Petan at
[31]). Subsequently, as elaborated above, the Locus Standi Requirement was
widened in Ganesh, where the High Court made clear that a director of a
struck-off company, solely by virtue of his position as a director, would have
sufficient connection and proximity to the struck off-company. For
completeness, I noted that in Re Asia Petan (at [34]), the respondent
objecting to the restoration application submitted that the applicant for
restoration, a director of the company, had knowledge of the other director’s
application to strike the company off, but did not raise any objections at the
material time. In my view, Lim JC did not place weight on this argument
because the evidence showed that there was, at best, a discussion about
discontinuing the company; however, no decision was reached (Re Asia Petan at
[35]). Therefore, it was apparent that the line of authorities on restoration
of a company has taken a broad view of the Locus Standi Requirement.

25 Further, there was a good policy reason to take a wider view. I return to
the underlying rationale of the Locus Standi Requirement: if the court takes
too narrow a view on locus standi, it may inadvertently cut off otherwise
meritorious cases. In Re Asia Petan, when deliberating whether s 344(5) of the
Companies Act applied to a company struck off on its own application under s
344A(1) of the Companies Act, Lim JC considered that, as a matter of
principle, there could be good reasons why a company would seek to restore
itself to the Register even if it was previously struck off on its own
application (Re Asia Petan at [21]). She provided two examples. First, a
company which had ceased to operate may be struck off on its own application,
but if it subsequently transpired that a director of the company had breached
its duties to the company, the company may need to commence an action, in its
own name, against that director. Second, a company may have been struck off by
mistake or fraud on the part of one of its directors or based on a material
non-disclosure which affected the company’s decision to apply to be struck
off. In my view, these illustrations could be applied to the more specific
scenario where the same director applied to strike off and restore the
company. Notwithstanding the fact that a director had applied on behalf of the
company to strike off the company, there may be good reasons to let the same
director apply to restore the company to pursue claims against another errant
director.

26 Therefore, I held that Mr Fu had established the Locus Standi Requirement.

The Just Requirement

The law

27 To fulfil the Just Requirement, the court should have regard to all the
circumstances of the case, including but not limited to: “(a) the purpose of
restoring the company; (b) whether there would be any practicable benefit
arising from the restoration; and (c) whether there would be prejudice to any
persons” (Re Asia Petan at [31]). Finally, “if the court were so satisfied, it
should order a restoration unless there are exceptional countervailing
circumstances” (Re Asia Petan at [31]). Subsequently, in Ganesh, Abdullah J
clarified that these factors are not exhaustive and conclusive (Ganesh at
[13]).

28 In Re Asia Petan, an application for restoration was brought by a former
shareholder and director of a company that had been struck off. The purpose of
the application was to commence a derivative action in the company’s name
against another director under s 216A of the Companies Act for breach of that
other director’s fiduciary duties as a director (Re Asia Petan at [4]). Lim JC
found that any delay in bringing the restoration application did not cause
prejudice to the allegedly errant director and that there was no other
evidence of any prejudice or detriment that a third party might suffer if the
company were restored (Re Asia Petan at [37]). Therefore, considering all the
circumstances of the case, she found it just to order the restoration of the
company and allowed the application.

29 Subsequently, in the case of Ganesh, the applicant’s company (“Tuff”) and
the respondent were the two shareholders of the company that had been struck
off the Register (the “Company”) (Ganesh at [2]). Before the Company was
struck off, the respondent entered into a contract with the Company for the
provision of integrated project management services (the “Integrated Project
Management Services Contract”). According to the applicant, the Company then
entered into a back-to-back contract with Tuff for the same scope of work set
out in the Integrated Project Management Services Contract. While the Company
was the contracting party under the Integrated Project Management Services
Contract, Tuff performed the actual work and received payment from the
respondent. As a result of the apparent redundancy, an application was made
for the Company to be struck off the Register. After the Company was struck
off, it transpired that there remained an outstanding sum purportedly owed by
the respondent to Tuff. According to the applicant, restoration of the Company
was necessary to vindicate the applicant’s contractual claim (Ganesh at [4]).

30 The High Court found that the purpose of the Company’s restoration was to
enable the pursuit of the contractual claim against the respondent. This was
held to confer sufficient practical benefit, even if the contractual claim
were unmeritorious, so long as it was not hopeless or very likely to fail
(Ganesh at [24]–[25]). Further, the respondent’s exposure to the contractual
claim would not count as relevant prejudice. The claim arose independently and
did not lead to any new consequences for the respondent, and the respondent
would have had to face the claim had the Company continued its existence
(Ganesh at [27]). Additionally, the fact that the applicant had himself sought
to strike off the Company in the first place did not negate any practical
benefit from the restoration (Ganesh at [29]). Accordingly, the court granted
the order sought by the applicant (Ganesh at [32]).

31 Mr Fu’s counsel also referred to the case of Re Blenheim. Re Blenheim
concerned a members’ application for the restoration of a company under s
635(2B) of the UK Companies Act 1985, which is worded similarly to s 344(5) of
the Companies Act. The company had entered into agreements with the second
respondent for the rent of three clubs. Subsequently, the company entered into
agreements with a third company for the rent of the same three clubs for a
higher rent (Re Blenheim at 821). Thereafter, on the mistaken advice of
auditors, who had wrongly believed that the company had no assets, the same
applicants for restoration made the application for striking off (Re Blenheim
at 833). When the applicants later made their application for restoration, the
court held that it was just to allow the company to be restored to the
companies register. The most crucial factor to the court in arriving at that
decision was the prospect of the company being solvent (although this was a
highly speculative prospect, albeit not a fanciful one), which meant that
restoration could produce something of value to the applicants (ie, the
company’s shareholders) in the form of monies allegedly owed through the
agreements (Re Blenheim at 834). The court also considered that the prejudice
suffered by the respondents (ie, delays resulting from the application) did
not outweigh the prospects of value being established, taking into account the
sums owed by the company to the respondents, and the sums owed to the company
for rents in the later arrangements (Re Blenheim at 835–836).

The decision

32 The core issue, in this case, was whether, having regard to all the
circumstances of the case, it was just for ASPL to be restored to the
Register.

33 In Ganesh and Re Blenheim, the courts considered it just to restore the
respective companies primarily to retain some benefit or value that would
otherwise have been lost. In Ganesh, the practicable benefit was the
possibility of claiming the debt owed to the Company. In Re Blenheim, the
benefit was the prospect of preserving value arising from the company’s
agreements. Each of these cases presented a good basis for restoration.
However, the question here was: what value was preserved by ordering the
restoration of ASPL? In my judgment, the present facts crossed the boundary of
establishing the Just Requirement, if only barely so.

Practicable benefit

34 In Re Asia Petan (at [31]), Lim JC did not specify that the practicable
benefit arising from the restoration must accrue to the company being
restored. In my view, there is nothing to preclude a benefit to be enjoyed by
Mr Fu in the analysis of practicable benefit arising from the restoration of
ASPL. In my view, the restoration of ASPL would have the following practicable
benefits: Mr Fu has given affidavit evidence that he intends to use ASPL as a
vehicle to carry out various investments. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at para 18.

Allowing a restoration of ASPL, as opposed to having to incorporate a new
company, would likely confer Mr Fu the tangible benefit of time and cost
savings. Consequently, the saved time would enable Mr Fu to commence business
activity earlier. Additionally, the practicable benefits could extend beyond
Mr Fu: if ASPL succeeds in its investments, it would have the potential to add
value to the local economy and generate employment.

35 My decision was guided in part by the liberal approach taken in the line of
Singapore authorities. In Re Asia Petan (at [27]), Lim JC cited Lord Hoffmann
of Chedworth’s statement in Re Forte’s (Manufacturing) Ltd Stanhope Pension
Trust Ltd v Registrar of Companies [1994] BCC 84 (“Re Forte’s”) at 90A–90B
that “the interest of an applicant under s 651 [of the UK Companies Act 1985]
in having the company revived does not have to be firmly established or highly
likely to prevail. It is sufficient that it is not ‘merely shadowy’”[emphasis
added]. Lim JC found that the principle enunciated therein applied to
applications under s 344(5) of the Companies Act. Therefore, only a more than
“merely shadowy” threshold is required to establish the Just Requirement.
Further, in Ganesh, Abdullah J held that the purpose of pursuing a contractual
claim against the respondent in that case would confer sufficient practical
benefit, even if the contractual claim were unmeritorious, so long as the
claim was not hopeless (Ganesh at [24]). Therefore, it appeared that a liberal
view was taken in the case law when applying the Just Requirement.

36 Further, I was satisfied that there are safeguards to prevent applicants
from frivolously and haphazardly applying to strike a company off the Register
and subsequently applying to have it restored. First, the reduced limitation
period for restoration under s 344(5) of the Companies Act provides a
safeguard. Prior to the Companies (Amendment) Act 2014 (“Amd Act 2014”) coming
into force on 3 January 2016, a company could be restored to the Register
within 15 years if the court is satisfied that the company had been carrying
on its business or remained in operation or otherwise that it was just for the
company to be restored to the Register: see the Ministry of Finance’s
Consultation Paper in June 2011 on the Report of the Steering Committee for
Review of the Companies Act (the “2011 Consultation Paper”) at ch 5 [75].
However, s 344(5) of the Companies Act has since been amended by the Amd Act
2014, according to which an applicant must make a restoration application
within six years after the name of the company has been struck off the
Register. This would prevent frivolous applications made to restore a company
long after the company has been struck off the Register. It would also shorten
the waiting time for any interested person to use an identical name of the
struck-off company to register a new entity: see the 2011 Consultation Paper
at ch 5 [75].

37 Second, under s 344(5) of the Companies Act, anyone who wants to restore a
company has to engage the services of a lawyer and file an application to
court, which may be costly and time consuming. The Steering Committee in the
2011 Consultation Paper recognised that “[h]aving to apply to the court for
the restoration of a company is a form of deterrence for frivolous
applications” (2011 Consultation Paper at ch 5 [78]–[79]); they also pointed
out that the operation of this safeguard was exemplified by the limited number
of companies that had previously applied to be restored to the Register.

Prejudice to third parties

38 Finally, I was satisfied that the restoration of ASPL would cause no
prejudice to any third party. Furthermore, ACRA made no objections to the
present application. I also considered that Mr Fu had agreed to make any
undertakings to bear the costs incurred by ACRA for the purposes of restoring
ASPL to the Register. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Fu Zhihui Alvin’s affidavit dd 28 December 2022 at para 23(b).

39 In the circumstances, I was satisfied that it was just for ASPL to be
restored to the Register and found that there were no exceptional
countervailing circumstances to decide otherwise.

Conclusion

40 Accordingly, I granted the order sought by Mr Fu.

Lee Seiu Kin J  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Foo Chuan Min Jerald and Luis Inaki Duhart Gonzalez (Selvam LLC) for the
applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Jun 2023 (11:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

