Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 110

Originating Summons No 1050 of 2021 (Summons No 4269 of 2022)

Between

| Kristin Annus  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Jekaterina Annus  
---|---  
(2)(3)| Ljubov SkurdTA Activity Singapore Private Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Injunctions — Interim injunction — Plaintiff’s undertaking as to damages —
Whether undertaking ought to be enforced]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Annus, Kristin

  
v

  

Annus, Jekaterina and others

[2023] SGHC 110

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons 1050 of 2021 (Summons
No 4269 of 2022)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  

24 April 2023

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

1 This was the application of TA Activity Singapore Private Ltd (“the third
defendant”) to enforce an undertaking as to damages given by Kristin Annus
(“the plaintiff”) in connection with an interim injunction she obtained
against it, in support of proceedings taking place in Estonia between the
plaintiff, her mother, and several other persons. The plaintiff argued that
her undertaking should not be enforced, and that in the alternative, the
question of enforcement should only be resolved after the main Estonian
proceedings were resolved.

2 After hearing the parties, this court ordered that the enforcement of the
plaintiff’s undertaking be held over until the Estonian proceedings had been
dealt with between the plaintiff and Jekaterina Annus (“the first defendant”).
As the third defendant has appealed against my decision, I now give my
reasons.

Factual background

3 The plaintiff is the daughter of the late Toivo Annus (“the deceased”). She
claimed to have been cheated of her rightful inheritance in the deceased’s
estate by way of fraud perpetrated by her stepmother, the first defendant, and
so commenced proceedings against the latter in Estonia on 30 September 2021
(“the Estonian proceedings”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

8th Affidavit of Tambert Mullari (18 February 2022) at para 11.

4 On 4 October 2021, the plaintiff obtained an injunction in Estonia from the
Harju County Court (“the first Estonian injunction”), which prohibited the
first defendant from disposing of shares in the third defendant belonging to
the deceased’s estate, without the plaintiff’s consent. The third defendant is
wholly owned and controlled by the first defendant and the plaintiff’s step-
grandmother, Ljubov Skurd (“the second defendant”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 11.

5 In support of the Estonian proceedings and the first Estonian injunction,
the plaintiff commenced HC/OS 1050/2021 in Singapore on 14 October 2021,
seeking an injunction to restrain the defendants from “dealing with all assets
and shares of [the third defendant] pending the full and final determination
of [the Estonian proceedings]”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 3.

Concurrently, the plaintiff also applied in HC/SUM 4741/2021 for an interim
injunction prohibiting the third defendant from disposing or otherwise dealing
with its assets worldwide (“the interim injunction”). In connection therewith,
the plaintiff provided the usual undertaking to pay damages and costs ordered
by the court in the event that the interim injunction resulted in damage to
the third defendant (“the undertaking”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 4.

6 The interim injunction was granted on 15 October 2021 in HC/ORC 5738/2021
and served on the third defendant on 19 October 2021. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 30.

7 The third defendant claimed that it had plans to divest shares in a company
called Sea Ltd over the course of six months, which commenced on 4 October
2021 and would have originally been completed on 19 April 2022. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 7.

As a result of the interim injunction, the divestment was halted on 22 October
2021, and resumed only on 10 November 2021, after the plaintiff agreed to
amend the terms of the interim injunction to, among other things, permit the
third plaintiff to deal with its assets in the ordinary course of business. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 7(f).

8 As a consequence, the divestment was completed 13 trading days later than
originally intended, on 6 May 2022. This allegedly caused the third defendant
to suffer losses owing to the severe downturn in the technology sector between
late 2021 and the first half of 2022, compared to a counterfactual in which
they had completed the divestment as originally scheduled. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 8.

9 On 7 January 2022, an appellate court in Estonia granted the defendants’
appeal against the first Estonian injunction order in part, narrowing its
scope to prevent the first defendant from “disposing of 3/16 pro-indiviso
share” in the estate of the deceased. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 17.

10 On 21 January 2022, the plaintiff obtained a second injunction in Estonia
from Harju County Court (“the second Estonian injunction”), which, much like
the original terms of the first Estonian injunction, prohibited the first
defendant from disposing of the shares of the third defendant which belonged
to the deceased’s estate without the plaintiff’s consent. This too was
appealed in Estonia by the defendants, and on 11 April 2022, the Estonian
appellate court again narrowed the scope of the second Estonian injunction to
prohibit the first defendant from disposing of the 3/16 pro-indiviso share in
the deceased’s estate.

11 On 17 March 2022, this court allowed the first and second defendants’
jurisdictional challenge against HC/OS 1050/2021. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 21(i).

On 20 June 2022, the interim injunction was set aside, and on 5 September
2022, HC/OS 1050/2021 was struck out without objection by the plaintiff. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Skeletals (30 November 2022) at para 9; Plaintiff’s Skeletals (30
November 2022) at paras 22 and 26.

The third defendant subsequently applied to enforce the plaintiff’s
undertaking, in respect of the losses it allegedly suffered as mentioned at
[5].

The parties’ arguments and issues

12 The sole issue before the court was whether to immediately allow or dismiss
the application to enforce the plaintiff’s undertaking, or whether to defer
that question until the Estonian proceedings had been disposed of.

13 The third defendant’s position was that the undertaking should be enforced
immediately because it was clear that the interim injunction was wrongly
granted, as evinced by the fact that the Estonian injunction had been narrowed
in scope, and that HC/OS 1050/2021 had been struck out without any objection
by the plaintiff.

14 On the other hand, the plaintiff’s position was that the court should
decline to enforce her undertaking. This was because the grant of the interim
injunction could not be said to have been wrongly granted, as the Estonian
proceedings were still ongoing. In any case, even if it was wrongly granted,
the reasonableness of her conduct, and the lack of any evidence that the
interim injunction had caused loss to the third defendant, nonetheless made it
unjust and inequitable for her to be held to it. Alternatively, it should be
held in abeyance until the Estonian proceedings were fully resolved.

My decision

15 At the outset, the relevant principles governing the enforcement of an
undertaking as to damages are not controversial. The court has the ultimate
discretion to determine whether the undertaking should be enforced. This
discretion must be exercised with reference to all factors in the case, and
the court must be satisfied that the injunction was wrongly granted and that
there are no special circumstances militating against the enforcement of the
undertaking (Neptune Capital Group Ltd and others v Sunmax Global Capital Fund
1 Pte Ltd and another [2016] 4 SLR 1177 at [46]).

The enforcement of the undertaking should not be immediately dismissed

16 It could not be said that the plaintiff’s “reasonableness” constituted
special circumstances which justified an immediate refusal to enforce her
undertaking. Circumstances which would justify such refusal have been
understood to include the conduct of the defendant, a delay in seeking an
inquiry as to damages, or situations where the plaintiff acts in the public
interest (Astro Nusantara International BV and others v PT Ayunda Prima Mitra
and others and another matter [2016] 2 SLR 737 (“Astro Nusantara”) at
[27]–[31]).

17 However, it does not stand to reason that the plaintiff’s good conduct may
amount to special circumstances justifying the court’s refusal to enforce an
undertaking. The default position is that where the plaintiff has lost their
claim, this would militate strongly in favour of an order for an inquiry
(Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at
[54]). This is consistent with the proposition that the entitlement of the
restrained party to obtain, in appropriate circumstances, an award of damages
pursuant to an undertaking as to damages is an equitable right (Astro
Nusantara at [24]). The fact that the party who gave the undertaking did not
behave unreasonably is not a special circumstance which can displace this
default position – indeed, this is no more than what the court expects of
every litigant appearing before it and cannot justify relieving the litigant
of something which he or she has undertaken to do.

18 The fact that the third defendant allegedly did not provide “cogent and
credible evidence” of the losses they suffered as a result of the interim
injunction is also no basis to decline granting an order for an inquiry as to
damages. An application for enforcement of an undertaking as to damages
proceeds in two stages – the court first decides whether the undertaking
should be enforced and, only if it finds in the affirmative, proceeds to
consider the measure and quantum of damages (Astro Nusantara at [34]). The
defendant could not be faulted for not adducing evidence directed towards the
latter question when the proceedings were concerned with the former.

Nevertheless, the enforcement of the undertaking should not be immediately
granted

19 However, it was also not appropriate to immediately order an inquiry as to
damages, for the simple reason that, at this juncture, it could not be said
that the injunction was wrongly granted. The fact that the plaintiff did not
object to the striking out of HC/OS 1050/2021 did not, without more, mean that
the interim injunction was wrongly granted. As the plaintiff’s counsel
suggested during the hearing, the plaintiff’s decision not to object might
have been made because she lacked the funds to conduct two actions in separate
countries at the same time, and it cannot be taken as an indication of the
merits of the case. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Minute Sheet (5 December 2022) at p 4.

20 Similarly, neither the discharge of the interim injunction on 20 June 2022,
nor the narrowing of the scope of the first Estonian injunction by the
Estonian appellate court, was sufficient for the court to conclude that the
interim injunction was wrongly granted. The question of whether an undertaking
in damages should be enforced is a separate question from whether an
injunction order should be discharged or continued, and it is incorrect to
assume that the discharge of an injunction at the interlocutory stage must
mean that it was wrongly obtained in the first place (Astro Nusantara at [25];
SH Cogent Logistics Pte Ltd and another v Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd
and others [2014] 4 SLR 1208 (“SH Cogent”) at [175]).

The enforcement of the plaintiff’s undertaking should be held over until the
determination of the Estonian proceedings

21 In view of the foregoing and given that the interim injunction was
ultimately obtained in support of the Estonian proceedings, the English Court
of Appeal decision of Cheltenham & Gloucester Building Society (formerly
Portsmouth Building Society) v Ricketts [1993] 1 WLR 1545 (“Cheltenham”) was
instructive. There, the court found that that the question of the enforcement
of an undertaking as to damages, given in connection with an injunction, was
best reserved to the trial judge to determine after the merits of the claim
were decided. In coming to this conclusion, Peter Gibson LJ placed great
emphasis on the fact that the plaintiffs’ main claim was in fraud. If they
were proven right on the merits at trial, and the defendants did indeed prove
to be fraudsters, then that might suggest that there was a real risk that they
would have attempted to defeat the judgment in precisely the manner which the
injunctions had been sought to guard against. This being the case, the most
prudent course would be to determine whether the undertaking should be
enforced only “at the conclusion of the trial when all the facts are known”
(Cheltenham at 1560).

22 In this case, it should be borne in mind that the Estonian proceedings were
likewise founded on claims of fraud. If it is found in the Estonian
proceedings that there is some merit to this claim, then it would in
retrospect not be unreasonable to believe that the first defendant might have
taken advantage of her control over the third defendant to transfer its assets
to other entities which did not form part of deceased’s estate. While this
would not undermine the plaintiff’s legal rights in the estate, it would
certainly impair the value of that share – indeed, there is nothing in the
Estonian appellate court’s decision on 7 January 2022 to suggest that the
shares in the third defendant were not part of the deceased’s estate, with its
use of the phrase “individual objects belonging to the estate” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Affidavit of Kristjan Teder (25 January 2022) at p 17.

in respect of those shares. In fact, the use of this phrase suggested quite
the opposite.

23 As those proceedings had not yet concluded, there was little to be lost,
and less still that could not have been compensated by damages or costs, from
waiting until the court is fully apprised of the circumstances of the case.
This is so that it may come to a more informed conclusion on whether the
plaintiff’s undertaking should be enforced. This was in my view the most just
and equitable way forward, in view of the ongoing proceedings and the ultimate
purpose for which the interim injunction was sought.

24 Accordingly, the plaintiff’s undertaking as to damages was ordered to be
held over until the Estonian proceedings were resolved.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge|  
---|---  
  
Kyle Gabriel Peters, Chua Ze Xuan and Ramachandran Doraisamy Raghunath
(PDLegal LLC) for the plaintiff;

Tan Chuan Thye SC, Kee Lay Lian, Kok Chee Yeong Jared and Yvette Tay Yu Wei
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Apr 2023 (08:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

