Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 210

Originating Application No 518 of 2022

In the matter of Section 18(2) and the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322)

And

In the matter of Order 13 Rule 1 of the Rules of Court 2021

And

In the matter of a Performance Bond No Z/18/BP00/047925Between

| Chian Teck Realty Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| SDK Consortium  
---|---  
(2)| Lonpac Insurance Bhd  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Building and Construction Law — Building and construction related contracts —
Guarantees and bonds]

[Building and Construction Law — Terms — Implied terms]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Implied terms]

[Credit and Security — Performance bond]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chian Teck Realty Pte Ltd

  
v

  

SDK Consortium and another

[2023] SGHC 210

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 518 of 2022  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
13 February, 28 March, 4 May 2023

4 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The performance bond has assumed an essential role in the building and
construction industry, serving as an instrument to facilitate cash flow while
managing risks. In the course of the performance of a construction contract,
the employer (or main contractor) makes periodic progress payments to the
contractor (or sub-contractor), even when the work is far from complete. This
arrangement reduces the cash flow requirement for the contractor. The employer
benefits from being able to sub-contract work at lower prices due to the
resultant lower financing costs for the contractor, and from the availability
of a larger pool of contractors to bid for the job. The risk, of course, is in
the contractor going under and the employer may be saddled with additional
costs to complete the works with little recourse against the insolvent
contractor. At one time, employers required contractors to pay a cash deposit
to secure performance, but this increased the costs to the contractor and
affected the price he could offer. Subsequently, the performance bond came
into the picture, in which, for a comparatively small fee, financial
institutions such as banks or insurance companies gave the beneficiary (the
employer) an undertaking to pay a certain sum of money under certain
conditions. The most common condition is a simple demand for payment made by
the beneficiary. A performance bond drafted with this condition is known as a
“first demand” or “on demand” bond. Such a performance bond has been described
as “as good as cash” (Shanghai Electric Group Co Ltd v PT Merak Energi
Indonesia and another [2010] 2 SLR 329 at [16]) because it provides certainty
of payment from a reputable financial institution. The latter would, of
course, secure its liability by way of a lien on some property belonging to
the contractor or its directors.

2 The perennial tension is this—under what circumstances would an employer be
entitled to make a demand on a performance bond, and when would the courts be
moved to injunct such a demand or order the financial institution not to make
payment pursuant to the demand? Performance bonds, because they are imposed by
the employer, are often drafted in such a way that the financial institution
is obliged to pay the beneficiary upon written demand of the beneficiary. The
courts have upheld such demands on the ground that the performance bond is a
contract between the beneficiary and the financial institution, and as between
them, the underlying contract is not relevant (Master Marine AS v Labroy
Offshore Ltd and others [2012] 3 SLR 125 (“Master Marine”) at [26]). The court
will only grant an injunction where the demand is made fraudulently, on the
ground that “fraud unravels all” (Arab Banking Corp (B.S.C.) v Boustead
Singapore Ltd [2016] 3 SLR 557 at [64] (“Arab Banking”)). If the beneficiary
does not have an honest belief that the contractor has defaulted and become
liable to him in damages, then the demand must be fraudulent. The practical
difficulty is in proving fraud, as the burden of proof falls on the
contractor, and the courts have set a high standard of proof for this: Bocotra
Construction Pte Ltd and others v Attorney-General [1995] 2 SLR(R) 262
(“Bocotra”) at [48]; Sunrise Industries (India) Ltd v PT OKI Pulp & Paper
Mills and another [2018] SGHC 145 at [33]. However, this does not detract from
the principle that the beneficiary must have an honest belief of the facts
grounding its right to make the demand.

3 In the mid-nineties, a line of authorities latched onto certain words in the
judgment of the Court of Appeal in Bocotra, and developed the concept of
unconscionability as being another ground for restraining such demands. This
marked a conscious departure from English law. In Dauphin Offshore Engineering
& Trading Pte Ltd v The Private Office of His Royal Highness Sheikh Sultan bin
Khalifa bin Zayed bin Zayed Al Nahyan [1999] SGHC 201 at [35]–[43], I traced
the development of this line of authorities. Unconscionability was confirmed
as a ground to restrain demands on performance bonds in the decision of the
Court of Appeal in GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction Pte Ltd and
another [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44. Employers (or their legal advisors) continued to
work their way around this by tweaking the language of the performance bonds.
One way was to provide that the performance bond was governed by English law:
see Shanghai Electric Group Co Ltd v PT Merak Energi Indonesia and another
[2010] 2 SLR 329. Another way was to agree that the performance bond cannot be
restrained on the ground of unconscionability: CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd v
Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and another and another appeal and another matter
[2015] 3 SLR 1041 at [24]. The parties before me agree that the performance
bond in the present case contains such a provision and therefore
unconscionability was not a ground for restraining a demand made on it. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 9; Mr Tong’s affidavit dated
9 January 2023 at paras 6–7.

4 Having set out the background, I now proceed to the facts of this case.

Facts

The parties

5 The first respondent is SDK Consortium (“SDK”), a consortium consisting of
three companies incorporated in either Singapore or Korea and in the business
of construction. The companies are: (a) Koh Brothers Building & Civil
Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd; (b) SsangYong Engineering & Construction Co
Ltd; and (c) Daewoo Engineering & Construction Co Ltd. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s written submissions dated 6 February 2023 at para 7; Mr Tong’s
affidavit dated 6 September 2022 at para 30.

SDK is the main contractor for a construction project at Woodlands Health
Campus (the “Project”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 15; Mr Tong’s affidavit
dated 6 September 2022 at para 30.

6 The applicant is Chian Teck Realty Pte Ltd (“Chian Teck”), a Singapore-
incorporated company in the business of reinforced concrete and precast
installation works. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicant’s written submissions dated 6 February 2023 at para 7.

Chian Teck was a subcontractor of SDK for the Project.

7 The second respondent is Lonpac Insurance Bhd (“Lonpac”), a foreign
insurance company registered in Singapore. Lonpac issued a performance bond in
favour of SDK, which was procured by Chian Teck in accordance with its
subcontract obligations with SDK.

Background to the dispute

8 On 29 August 2018, by way of a letter of acceptance issued by SDK, Chian
Teck was awarded the subcontract to carry out reinforced concrete works and
precast installation works for the Project (the “Subcontract”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 16; Mr Tong’s affidavit
dated 6 September 2022 at para 33.

Chian Teck was obliged to procure a performance bond in favour of SDK of an
amount equal to 5% of the total value of the Subcontract. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 17; Mr Tong’s affidavit
dated 6 September 2022 at para 14.

On 23 November 2018, Lonpac issued Performance Bond No Z/18/BP00/047925 in
favour of SDK (the “Bond”), for the sum of S$1,123,152.55 (based on the
Subcontract sum of S$22,463,051.00). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 17; Mr Tong’s affidavit
dated 6 September 2022 at para 14.

9 By 2020, the relationship between Chian Teck and SDK had deteriorated. That
year, Chian Teck commenced adjudication proceedings against SDK pursuant to
the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006
Rev Ed). The proceedings related to, among other things, SDK’s certification
of Chian Teck’s payment claim. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 18; Mr Tong’s affidavit
dated 6 September 2022 at paras 78–90.

Parties also became embroiled in a dispute in relation to the performance of
the Subcontract. This resulted in Chian Teck serving its notice on SDK to
terminate the contract on 11 November 2020, on the basis that SDK had
unilaterally decided to reduce the scope of the Subcontract substantially and
had falsely accused Chian Teck of causing delay to the Subcontract works. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 19; Mr Tong’s affidavit
dated 6 September 2022 at paras 41–74.

Events leading up to the call on the Bond

10 One of the main issues in the present dispute is whether SDK made a valid
call on the Bond on 29 July 2022 in accordance with the terms of the Bond. The
terms relating to SDK’s entitlement to call on the Bond are found in cll 1, 3
and 4 of the Bond: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Tong’s affidavit dated 6 September 2022 at pp 417–419.

1\. [Lonpac] shall unconditionally pay to [SDK] any sum or sums up to a
maximum aggregate sum of Singapore Dollars One Million One Hundred Twenty
Three Thousand One Hundred Fifty Two and cents Fifty Five Only
(S$1,123,152.55)(“the Guaranteed Sum”) upon receiving [SDK’s] written notice
of claim for payment made pursuant to Clause 4 of this Guarantee without any
proof of actual default on the part of [Chian Teck] and without need to
satisfy any other condition.

…

3 [Lonpac’s] liability under this [Bond] shall continue and this [Bond] shall
remain in full force and effect from 01/07/2018 until 01/08/2022 provided
always that the expiry date of this [Bond] and [Lonpac’s] liability under this
[Bond] shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 6 months
unless [Lonpac] give[s] [SDK] 90 days’ written notice prior to the expiry of
[Lonpac’s] liability (the “Notice Period”) of [Lonpac’s] intention not to
extend this [Bond] in respect of any future extension and provided further
that [SDK] shall be entitled,

(a) upon receiving such notice of [Lonpac’s] intention either to:

(i) make a claim under this [Bond]; or

(b) direct [Lonpac] (within the Notice Period) to extend the validity of this
[Bond] for a further period not exceeding 6 months (and this [Bond] shall then
expire at the end of such further period).

4\. This [Bond] is conditional upon a claim being made by [SDK] at any time
and as many times as [SDK] may deem fit by way of a notice in writing
addressed to [Lonpac] and the same being received by [Lonpac] at 300 Beach
Road #17-04/07 The Concourse Singapore 199555 before the end of 90 days from
the expiry of this [Bond].

[emphasis in original]

11 The material events preceding the call on the Bond are as follows. On 28
April 2022, Lonpac sent a letter to SDK by AR-registered post, stating that it
was giving SDK “90 days written notice from the expiry of the Bond of
[Lonpac’s] intention not to extend the Bond”, pursuant to cl 3 of the Bond
(the “28 April Notice”). The 28 April Notice also stated that the Bond was due
to expire on 1 August 2022. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 20 and MKC-1 at Tab 8; Mr
Tong’s affidavit dated 6 September 2022 at para 23(a) and p 994.

However, SDK claimed that it did not receive the 28 April Notice because it
was sent to the old office address of SDK. On 19 July 2022, Lonpac sent a
second letter informing SDK of the same (“the 19 July Notice”). It is
undisputed that the 19 July Notice was received by SDK. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Tong’s affidavit dated 6 September 2022 at para 23(b) and p 995; Suliana
Binte Sudh’s affidavit dated 27 February 2023 at paras 7–8.

Subsequently, on 29 July 2022, by way of a letter to Lonpac, SDK issued a
demand for payment of the entire amount secured under the Bond, ie,
S$1,123,152.55 (“SDK’s Demand”). SDK’s Demand stated that the claim for
S$1,123,152.55 was made “[p]ursuant to Clause 4 of the [Bond]” and that the
letter constituted SDK’s written notice “pursuant to Clauses 4 and 5 of the
[Bond]”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 20 and MKC-1 at Tab 9; Mr
Tong’s affidavit dated 6 September 2022 at para 24 and pp 996–999.

The parties’ cases

The validity of the call

12 In relation to whether SDK made a valid call on 29 July 2022, the
fundamental dispute between parties is whether SDK made the call pursuant to
cl 1 or cl 3 of the Bond.

13 Chian Teck’s position is that the call was based on cl 3 of the Bond, and
that the condition precedents set out in cl 3 were not met when SDK made the
call. Therefore, the call was invalid. According to Chian Teck, the chain of
correspondence between SDK and Lonpac leading up to 29 July 2022 shows that
SDK called on the Bond on the basis that it was about to expire. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 27 April 2023 at paras 13–17.

Therefore, the call must conform with the terms set out in cl 3. Chian Teck
argues that the call was made in breach of cl 3(a)(i) of the Bond because both
the 28 April Notice and the 19 July Notice were invalid, such that SDK did not
receive notice of Lonpac’s intention not to extend the Bond 90 days prior to
the expiry of Lonpac’s liability. Consequently, SDK’s entitlement to make a
call on the Bond pursuant to cl 3 had not been triggered, and the call on the
Bond was invalid. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 27 April 2023 at paras 18–23.

Further, Chian Teck submits that another ground for the injunction was SDK’s
conduct in making the call in breach of cl 3, and attempting to pass off the
call as compliant with the Bond, is tantamount to a fraudulent call. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 27 April 2023 at paras 24–26.

14 Conversely, SDK avers that it called on the Bond pursuant to cl 1 of the
Bond. This is evident from the language used in SDK’s Demand, which mirrors
that of cl 1. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SDK’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at paras 20–27.

SDK argues that cl 1 entitles SDK to, at any point in time, make an
unconditional demand on the Bond, provided that SDK makes a written demand
pursuant to cl 4 of the Bond. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SDK’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at para 15.

Therefore, the validity of Lonpac’s notice of non-extension has no bearing on
the validity of the call on the Bond. Aside from a finding of fraud, nothing
can restrain SDK’s call on the Bond. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SDK’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at paras 25 and 27.

Implied term

15 In the alternative, Chian Teck submits that there is an implied term in the
Subcontract between Chian Teck and SDK, that SDK should not call on the Bond
so long as Chian Teck extends the validity of the Bond (the “Implied Term”).
Chian Teck argues that the Implied Term would satisfy the three-step
requirement for the implication of contract terms set out in Sembcorp Marine
Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193
(“Sembcorp Marine”). This is because the absence of the Implied Term renders
cll 8.1 and 8.3 of the Subcontract nugatory and meaningless. Further, Chian
Teck relies on the English case of Cargill International SA v Bangladesh Sugar
and Food Industries Corp [1996] 4 All ER 563 for the proposition that terms
can be implied into the underlying contract between contractor and sub-
contractor which would circumscribe the buyer’s (ie, the contractor’s) rights
under his collateral guarantee with the guarantor, notwithstanding that the
guarantee and underlying contract are independent at law. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at paras 31–41; Chian
Teck’s written submissions dated 27 April 2023 at para 27.

Finally, Chian Teck avers that SDK’s call was in breach of the Implied Term in
the Subcontract and fraudulent, because SDK was of the view that the Bond had
been extended until at least 1 February 2023 and yet decided to make the call.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at paras 31–61.

16 Conversely, SDK is of the view that the term that Chian Teck seeks to imply
cannot satisfy the three-step test espoused in Sembcorp Marine. The Implied
Term is plainly inconsistent with cl 8.4 of the Subcontract, which stipulates
that SDK will not be restrained from making any call on the Bond except in the
case of fraud. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SDK’s written submissions dated 13 April 2023 at paras 8–21.

Further, SDK submits that the Implied Term would open the floodgates to a
multitude of similar challenges to calls on unconditional performance bonds,
because there are standard form contracts that are similar in substance and
effect to cl 8.3 of the Subcontract insofar as they provide for the extension
of the validity of the security until the contractor’s obligations are
completed. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SDK’s written submissions dated 13 April 2023 at paras 27–29.

17 Based on its arguments, Chian Teck seeks the following orders, pending the
determination of Chian Teck and SDK’s liability towards each other under the
Subcontract: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

HC/OA 518/2022 filed 6 September 2022.

(a) That SDK be restrained from making, claiming, receiving and/or directing
Lonpac to make payment or transfer of the sum of $1,123,152.55 or any other
sum under the Bond.

(b) That Lonpac be restrained from making payment or transfer of the sum of
$1,123,152.55, or any other sum under the Bond to SDK and/or its nominee.

(c) Costs.

(d) Such further or other relief as the court deems fit and just.

Issues to be determined

18 I will consider the following issues. First, whether the call on the Bond
was invalid. This depends on whether the call on the Bond was made pursuant to
cl 1 or cl 3 of the Bond. If the call was made pursuant to cl 3 of the Bond, I
will inquire whether the conditions stipulated in cl 3 were satisfied.

19 Second, I will consider whether SDK’s call on the Bond, if made in breach
of cl 3, was made fraudulently.

20 Third, I will consider whether a term to the effect that SDK shall not call
on the Bond so long as Chian Teck extends the validity of the Bond may be
implied into the Subcontract (ie, the Implied Term as pleaded by Chian Teck).
If so, whether a call on the Bond in breach of the Implied Term is fraudulent
and justifies restraining the call.

Issue 1: The validity of the call

The law

21 An unconditional performance bond commonly refers to a performance bond
where payment is not made subject to any conditions other than a simple demand
for payment by a beneficiary: Poh Chu Chai, Guarantees and Performance Bonds
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) at para 13.1.2. However, in both conditional and
unconditional performance bonds, a demand can be made subject to: (a) the
fulfilment of various condition precedents; and/or (b) compliance with the
stipulated form. The doctrine of strict compliance equally applies to
condition precedents and stipulated forms (Master Marine at [31]). This means
that a call on the performance bond which stipulates such requirements would
be restrained in the absence of strict compliance (Ryobi Tactics Pte Ltd v UES
Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another matter [2019] 4 SLR 1324 at [23]).
However, the doctrine of strict compliance does not undermine the
raison-d’être of on-demand performance bonds as readily realisable security.
Instead, it gives effect to the intention of the contracting parties and
upholds commercial certainty.

Whether the call on the Bond was made pursuant to cl 1 or cl 3

22 In this case, notwithstanding that parties agree that the Bond is
unconditional and on-demand, SDK must nonetheless make a claim on the Bond in
accordance with the terms set out in the Bond. As mentioned earlier, these
condition precedents and/or stipulated forms are set out in cll 1, 3 and 4 of
the Bond. Clause 1 of the Bond provides that the Bond is unconditional without
any proof of actual default on the part of Chian Teck and without the need to
satisfy any other condition, except that the claim must be made in the form
stipulated in cl 4. Clause 3 is a more complicated provision. It appears to
provide for the Bond to be automatically extended for successive periods of
six months. However its main effect is as a termination clause which only
Lonpac may exercise upon provision to SDK of written notice of the intention
to terminate at least 90 days before expiry of the Bond.

23 There are thus two bases under which SDK is entitled to make a claim under
the Bond. The first is under cl 1, where there is a default on the part of
Chian Teck, or an honest belief on the part of SDK that Chian Teck is in
default. In this situation, SDK is entitled to make a claim and cl 1 states
that it may do so “without any proof of actual default”. Chian Teck can only
obtain an injunction to restrain payment under such a claim if it can prove
that the call was fraudulent, eg, that there was no honest belief on the part
of SDK that Chian Teck was in default. The second basis is under cl 3 of the
Bond. This is the situation where Lonpac has given 90 days’ written notice
prior to the expiry of the Bond of its intention not to extend the Bond. Upon
such written notice, SDK can elect to (a) make a claim under the Bond; or (b)
direct Lonpac to extend its validity for a further period not exceeding six
months, ie, SDK can force a final six-month extension of the Bond. If SDK
elects to make a claim under cl 3, there is no requirement for there to be any
default on the part of Chian Teck as the clear purpose of this provision is to
preserve the security, either by way of obtaining a final extension or
converting it to cash.

24 I therefore have to first determine whether the demand on the Bond in SDK’s
letter of 29 July 2022 (“the Demand Letter”) was made under cl 1 or cl 3 of
the Bond. The letter itself does not, on its face, answer the question. It
states as follows:

1\. We refer to performance bond no. Z18BP00047925, which is an irrevocable
and unconditional on-demand guarantee issued by you in favour of us (the
“Performance Bond”). A copy of the Performance Bond is enclosed[.]

2\. Pursuant to Clause 4 of the Performance Bond, we hereby make a claim for
the sum of S$1,123,152.55. Please treat this letter as our notice in writing
of our claim pursuant to Clauses 4 and 5 of the Performance Bond.

3\. Pursuant to Clause 5 of the Performance Bond, kindly let us have payment
of the above-mentioned sum within 30 business days of your receipt of this
notice. Kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter by signing and returning a
duplicate copy to us.

4\. This letter does not set out our full position at law and all of our
rights and remedies remain expressly reserved.

[emphasis in original omitted]

25 The Demand Letter merely asserts that the claim was made “pursuant to
Clause 4”. However, cl 4 is not a ground for making a demand. It sets out how
the demand is to be made, ie, by notice in writing to the address specified
and by receipt of the same, before the end of 90 days prior to the expiry of
the Bond. These requirements apply equally to a claim under cl 1 and cl 3. To
determine the intent of SDK, it is necessary to examine the events prior to
the Demand Letter, which I set out below.

26 On 6 July 2022, SDK’s Contracts Manager Mak Kam Chin (“Mak”) telephoned
Lonpac’s Serene Ang (“Ang”) to “convey SDK’s request for a confirmation from
Lonpac that the Bond would be automatically extended pursuant to Clause 3 of
the Bond”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 21 March 2023 at para 9.

Ang told Mak that Lonpac had already issued the 28 April 2022 letter to notify
SDK that the Bond would not be extended upon expiry on 1 August 2022. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 21 March 2023 at para 10.

Mak responded that SDK had not received the letter and, on the same day, Ang
emailed to Mak a copy of that letter. Upon reading it, Mak realised that it
was sent to SDK’s old address and that could be the reason SDK had not
received it. On 13 July 2022, by way of a letter, SDK informed Lonpac that the
28 April 2022 letter was not received by SDK and noted that it was sent to an
old address. SDK highlighted the 90-day written notice requirement in cl 3 of
the Bond and requested Lonpac to serve a new notice at the correct address (as
SDK had since changed its registered address). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 21 March 2023 at paras 11–13 and p 21.

Subsequently, SDK received the 19 July Notice which states that Lonpac “hereby
give you 90 days written notice … not to extend the Bond.”

27 In an email to SDK dated 18 July 2022 and conveying a copy of the 19 July
Notice, Lonpac pointed out that the 28 April 2022 letter was sent to SDK’s
last known address by AR Registered Mail. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 21 March 2023 at para 14 and MKC-2 at Tab 4.

The combined effect of this email and the 19 July Notice suggests that Lonpac
took the position that its service of the 28 April 2022 was valid and that,
therefore, the 90-day requirement under cl 3 had been satisfied for the Bond
to expire on 1 August 2022. That this was Lonpac’s position is confirmed in an
email dated 28 July 2022 from Lonpac to SDK, which stated that Lonpac had
“duly served the Notice not to extend the Bond … on 28 April 2022 via AR
Registered Mail to [SDK’s] last known registered address.” 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 21 March 2023 at para 17 and MKC-2 at Tab 6.

In that email, Lonpac reiterated that the Bond would expire on 1 August 2022.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 21 March 2023 at para 17 and p 30.

One day later, on 29 July 2022, SDK sent the Demand Letter to make a claim on
the Bond.

28 Based on the foregoing, it is evident that, at least from 6 July 2022,
SDK’s concern was whether the Bond would be extended beyond the original
expiry date of 1 August 2022. It is clear from the evidence of Mak that he
contacted Lonpac on 6 July 2022 with the intention that the Bond would be
automatically extended by an additional period of six months pursuant to cl 3
of the Bond. Indeed, Mak pointed out to Lonpac that there was a requirement of
a 90-day written notice, which presumably Mak felt had not been given. Even
after Lonpac sent the 19 July Notice, which on its face was unequivocal about
the expiry date of the Bond, Mak telephoned Lonpac’s representative on 26 July
2022 for confirmation of Lonpac’s position that it would expire on 1 August
2022. It was only after Lonpac sent the email of 28 July 2022 that Mak was
resigned to Lonpac’s position, as can be seen in para 18 of his affidavit of
21 March 2023 in which he stated as follows, after referring to that email:

In view of the above, I believe that Lonpac has made its position on the
expiry of the Bond clear and unequivocal to SDK. Since July 2022 (when I first
initiated the telephone call with Ms. Ang on the expiry of the Bond …), and
notwithstanding the 28 April Notice and/or the 19 Jul Notice, Lonpac’s
position to SDK has always been that the Bond will expire on 1 August 2022.

29 It should be noted that nowhere in any affidavit from SDK is there an
assertion that the claim was made because of a default on the part of Chian
Teck. Indeed, Mak had indirectly admitted that the impending expiry of the
Bond was a reason for SDK’s Demand. This is found in para 20 of his affidavit
of 14 November 2022 in which he stated that: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mr Mak’s affidavit dated 14 November 2022 at para 20.

On 28 April 2022, Lonpac wrote to SDK to inform SDK that the Bond was not
extended and was due to expire on 1 August 2022 … It was against this backdrop
and the long running dispute between the parties that SDK went on to issue a
demand for the full sum of the Bond …

[emphasis added]

Although Mak also refers to “the long running dispute between the parties”
which he had set out in that affidavit, it is clear that the proximate cause
of the claim on the Bond was the belief by SDK of its imminent expiry. If SDK
had intended to base its claim on the existence of a default by Chian Teck,
there would not have been any need for SDK to go through several rounds of
telephone calls, emails and letters with Lonpac to argue that the Bond had
been extended because of the lack of the 90-day written notice and to seek
clarification on the expiry date on more than one occasion.

30 I therefore find that SDK had made the claim on the Bond on the basis of cl
3, ie, that Lonpac had given notice of non-renewal and SDK elected to make a
claim on it.

Whether Lonpac provided valid notice of non-extension

31 In my judgment, Lonpac did not validly provide notice of its intention not
to extend the Bond in accordance with cl 3 of the Bond.

32 I find that Lonpac had posted the 28 April Notice. However, as the Bond
does not contain a provision to deem postage or delivery at a prescribed
address as good service, Lonpac and SDK cannot rely on this finding. I also
find that SDK did not receive the 28 April Notice because it was addressed and
sent to 152 Beach Road, #15-01, Gateway East, Singapore 189721, the address of
SDK’s previous office and hence there is no finding of delivery of the 28
April Notice. My earlier decision of 1L30G Pte Ltd v EQ Insurance Co Ltd
[2017] 5 SLR 1106 (“EQ Insurance”) is instructive. In EQ Insurance, the
performance bond contained a clause that is pari materia with cl 3 of the
Bond. In that case, the sticking point was whether the expiry of the
performance bond under that clause was triggered upon the posting of the
letter or upon actual receipt. I held that the postal acceptance rule did not
apply to the clause, and that the clause was only satisfied when the plaintiff
in that case had actually received the notice of non-renewal (EQ Insurance at
[35]). This was because the plain text of the clause, such as the emphasis on
the word “notice”, did not indicate the parties’ intention that the postal
rule should apply to the giving of notice (EQ Insurance at [25]). Further, the
defendant’s notice of non-renewal would vest in the plaintiff the right to
respond in order to protect its interests; the plaintiff thus needed actual
notice to exercise those rights (EQ Insurance at [34]). In my judgment, this
analysis also applies to cl 3 of the Bond. Accordingly, as SDK did not receive
the 28 April Notice, it did not constitute valid notice of Lonpac’s intention
not to extend the Bond.

33 As regards the 19 July Notice, I find that it was defective because it did
not fulfil the 90 days’ written notice requirement stipulated in cl 3 of the
Bond. The 19 July Notice merely reaffirms the 28 April Notice by stating that
the Bond was to expire on 1 August 2022. However, as of 19 July 2022, Lonpac
would have only given 13 days’ notice of the expiry of the Bond. As such, by
the operation of cl 3, the Bond was automatically extended for a successive
period of six months (ie, until 1 February 2023). For completeness, I also
find that the 19 July Notice did not validly serve as notice that the Bond
would not be renewed upon the subsequent expiry date of 1 February 2023
because of its explicit reference to the date “1 August 2022”. This clearly
showed that the intent of the 19 July Notice was to notify SDK of the non-
renewal of the Bond on 1 August 2022 and not any other date.

34 Therefore, as of 3 May 2022, which was 90 days prior to 1 August 2022, no
valid notice of non-extension had been served by Lonpac on SDK, pursuant to cl
3 of the Bond. Consequently, the Bond was automatically extended by six months
from 1 August 2022 to 1 February 2023. Further, as SDK has not since received
any further notices of non-extension from Lonpac since 1 February 2023, the
Bond continues to be valid until at least 1 August 2023.

35 As I have found that SDK had made the claim on the Bond on the basis of cl
3, but the condition under cl 3 that Lonpac validly serve a notice of non-
renewal did not exist, that basis falls and the claim is not valid.

Issue 2: The fraud exception

36 Chian Teck also submits that SDK’s call was made fraudulently, as SDK
attempted to pass off the call as compliant with cl 3 of the Bond, when it was
in fact non-compliant. Therefore, the call on the Bond should be restrained on
the ground of fraud. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 27 April 2023 at para 24.

37 The fraud exception is generally regarded as a difficult exception to
invoke (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 12 (Buttersworths Asia, 2022 issue)
at para 140.646). In order to avail itself of the fraud exception, the
subcontractor must establish a strong prima facie case that the beneficiary
called on the bond: (a) with the knowledge that its demand was invalid; (b)
without belief in the validity of its demand; or (c) with indifference to
whether the demand was valid or not (Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T
Corp and another [2019] 2 SLR 295 (“Bintai Kindenko”) at [74]; Arab Banking at
[61]–[63]). The Court of Appeal in Arab Banking has also held that the
standard proof for fraud requires the plaintiff to show that the only
realistic inference to be drawn on the available evidence was that the
beneficiary had no honest belief that it was entitled to receive payment or
was recklessly indifferent as to whether it had a right to receive payment
(Arab Banking at [82]).

38 I find that Chian Teck has not met the high standard of proof necessary for
showing fraud. SDK’s actions in calling on the Bond were not mala fide and
were in fact reasonable in the circumstances. On 6 July 2022, when SDK first
queried whether the Bond was to be automatically extended, Lonpac informed SDK
that the Bond was due to expire on 1 August 2022. This position was reaffirmed
by Lonpac in the 19 July Notice. Subsequently, when SDK sought confirmation
again on the expiry date of the Bond, Lonpac once again reaffirmed on 28 July
2022 that “[t]he expiry of the Bond remains as 1 Aug (sic) 2022” [emphasis in
original]. Notwithstanding the actual state of affairs that Lonpac had not in
fact provided valid notice of the non-renewal of the Bond 90 days prior to 1
August 2022 (see [32]–[33] above), what was relevant was the impression given
by Lonpac that the Bond would expire on 1 August 2022. In my view, it cannot
be said that SDK had made the call recklessly with indifference to whether the
demand was valid or not (Bintai Kindenko at [74]). On multiple occasions, SDK
had sought confirmation on the expiry date of the Bond, and Lonpac
unequivocally made its position clear to SDK – that the Bond would expire on 1
August 2022. The present case is unlike the facts of Arab Banking, as
suggested by Chian Teck, where the calls on the performance bonds were held to
be made fraudulently in the reckless sense. In that case, one critical
consideration was that the calls were made notwithstanding that the notices
seeking to extend the validity term of the performance bonds were obviously
and manifestly non-compliant with the requirements for making a valid call
(Arab Banking at [87]). Among other matters, the notices did not state that
the sub-contractor was in breach of its obligations under the main contract
let alone particularise the respect in which the sub-contractor was said to be
in breach of the said obligations (Arab Banking at [23]). In the present case,
I found that it was totally reasonable for SDK to have acted as it did as that
would have been the prudent thing to do and therefore there was no fraud.

Issue 3: The Implied Term

The law

39 The law on the implication of terms is set out in the seminal case of
Sembcorp Marine. From the outset, I emphasise that the threshold for implying
a term is a high one, ie, that of necessity (Sembcorp Marine at [100]). The
Court of Appeal in Sembcorp Marine held that the implication of terms is to be
considered using a three-step process (at [101]):

(a) First, the court must discern that a gap in the contract arose because
parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) Second, the court considers whether it is necessary in the business or
commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract efficacy. The
business efficacy test is applied to identify gaps in the contract that need
to be filled for it to be commercially workable; a term will not be implied
merely to improve the contract (Sembcorp Marine at [84]).

(c) Third, the court considers the specific term to be implied. A term is only
to be implied if it passes the “officious bystander” test – ie, the
contracting parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at the
time of the contract.

The decision

40 Chian Teck avers that the court should imply a term into the Subcontract to
the effect that SDK may not call on the Bond so long as Chian Teck extends the
validity of the Bond. According to Chian Teck, cl 8.1 and cl 8.3 of the
Subcontract prescribe that the Bond is to be valid at least until the expiry
of the Defect Liability Period or the Maintenance Period, so a proper
construction of the Subcontract does not envisage a call being made on the
Bond unless the security is threatened. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at para 26.

Clause 8.1 and cl 8.3 of the Subcontract are as follows:

8.1. Within 14 days of the Sub-Contract Effective Date, the Sub-Contractor
shall provide a cash deposit or in lieu thereof, a performance bond
(“Performance Bond”) in the Main Contractor's favour in exact accordance with
the prescribed form in Appendix H of the Conditions of Sub-Contract Documents
for an amount equivalent to the percentage stipulated in Appendix A of the
Conditions of Sub-Contract (or 5% of the Sub-Contract Sum if no
percentage/amount has been stipulated in Appendix A). The Performance Bond
shall be validity until at least the expiry of the Sub-Contract Defect
Liability Period or Maintenance Period. The Performance Bond shall in the form
of an unconditional demand bond obtained from a licensed bank having a place
of business in Singapore.

…

8.3 If the Sub-Contractor has not fulfilled all its obligations under the Sub-
Contract by expiry date specified in the Performance Bond, the Sub-Contractor
shall, prior to the expiry date, arrange for the extension of the validity of
such Performance Bond by such period or periods as is considered necessary by
the Main Contractor in order to meet the requirements of this entire Clause 8.

[emphasis added]

According to Chian Teck, cl 8.3 of the Subcontract suggests that the Bond was
intended to act as a form of security for SDK, and that the Bond be extended
if Chian Teck has not fulfilled all its obligations under the Subcontract. If
SDK were allowed to call on the Bond, that would render cl 8.3 of the
Subcontract nugatory and redundant against cl 8.1 of the Subcontract. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at paras 28–30.

Chian Teck submits that cl 8.3 “implies an equal and opposite exchange – if
the Bond is valid, SDK should not call on the Bond”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Chian Teck’s written submissions dated 23 March 2023 at para 30.

Consequently, Chian Teck submits that the call on the Bond should be
restrained on the ground of fraud because SDK knowingly breached the Implied
Term.

41 In my judgment, there is no room to imply the Implied Term into the
Subcontract. I say this for several reasons.

42 First, the Implied Term flies in the face of a contrary express term, cl
8.4 of the Subcontract. Where an express term of the contract governs the
legal relationship between the parties, there is no scope for the implication
of a term: Golden Harvest Films Distribution (Pte) Ltd v Golden Village
Multiplex Pte Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 940 at [47]. I set out cl 8.4 in full:

8.4 Pursuant to the intent set out in the Clause 8.1 above, that the
Performance Bond is to stand in lieu of a cash deposit, the Sub-Contractor
agrees that except in the case of fraud, the Sub-Contractor shall not for any
reason whatsoever be entitled to enjoin or restrain:

a) The Main Contractor from making any call or demand on the Performance Bond
or receiving any cash proceeds under the Performance Bond; and/or

b) The obligor under the Performance Bond from paying any cash proceeds under
the Performance Bond;

on any other ground including the ground of unconscionability.

[emphasis added]

43 The Subcontract prescribes the nature and form of the performance bond to
be provided by Chian Teck in SDK’s favour if Chian Teck opts to provide a
performance bond in lieu of a cash deposit. Clause 8.4 sets out the
circumstances where SDK is entitled to restrain a call on the Bond. In
particular, cl 8.4 provides that “[Chian Teck] agrees that except in the case
of fraud, [Chian Teck] shall not for any reason whatsoever be entitled to …
restrain [SDK] from making any call … on the [Bond] … on any other ground …”.
Based on the express wording of cl 8.4, parties have clearly agreed that SDK
is entitled to call on the Bond in all other circumstances except fraud. In
contrast, the Implied Term would impose an additional restraint on when SDK is
entitled to call on the Bond, ie, when the validity of the Bond is extended. I
therefore agree with SDK’s submission that the Implied Term clearly goes
against the express agreement of the parties in cl 8.4.

44 Second, the inclusion of cl 8.4 in the Subcontract means that there is no
“true” gap in the Subcontract, in the sense that parties have not contemplated
the issue of when SDK should be restrained from calling on the Bond (Sembcorp
Marine at [94]). Based on cl 8.4, parties have clearly contemplated the
circumstances under which SDK would be entitled to call on the Bond.

45 Third, Chian Teck’s arguments that cll 8.1 and 8.3 create a redundancy in
the Subcontract that warrants the implication of the Implied Term are
unconvincing. In this respect, I am in agreement with SDK’s submissions.
Clause 8.1 and cl 8.3 serve different functions. Clause 8.1 provides for the
minimum validity period of the Bond, namely that it be valid “until at least
the expiry of the Sub-Contract Defects Liability Period or Maintenance
Period”. Conversely, cl 8.3 provides an express requirement for the continual
extension of the performance bond in the event that there is a delay in the
execution of the Subcontract. It does not imply that SDK is not allowed to
call on the Bond after its validity is extended. Otherwise, that would defeat
the purpose of extending the Bond to provide security for the completion of
Chian Teck’s obligations and prevent SDK from accessing the security that SDK
had contracted for. As I have alluded to earlier, there is a distinction
between a claim under cl 1 and cl 3 of the Bond. Under cl 1, there must be a
default on the part of Chian Teck, or SDK has an honest belief that there is
one (although the burden of proof falls on Chian Teck to prove otherwise).
However under cl 3, there is no requirement for any default, and the right to
call is triggered by Lonpac’s notice of intention of non-renewal. Looked at in
this light, it is clear that SDK is entitled to make a call under cl 1 at
anytime a default has occurred, whether or not the Bond is due to expire and
this is not inconsistent with cl 8.3 of the Subcontract which merely operates
to extend the validity of the Bond.

46 Based on the foregoing, there is no basis to imply the Implied Term into
the Subcontract.

Conclusion

47 In conclusion, given that SDK’s Demand was invalid, there will be an order
for Lonpac to be restrained from making payment of the sum of $1,123,152.55 to
SDK, pursuant to the claim on the Bond made on 29 July 2022. Correspondingly,
SDK is also restrained from claiming or directing Lonpac to make said payment.
The Bond remains valid, at least until 1 August 2023. For the avoidance of
doubt, this order does not restrain SDK from making a fresh call under the
terms of the Bond. I will hear parties on costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Choo Poh Hua Josephine, Samuel Navindran and Yii Li-Huei, Adelle
(WongPartnership LLP) for the applicant;

Soh Lip San, Benny Santoso and Thawdar Soe Moe @ The Sandi Tun (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the first respondent;

Mahendra Prasad Rai (Cooma & Rai) for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Aug 2023 (12:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

