Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 195

Suit No 1233 of 2020

Between

| Razer (Asia-Pacific) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Capgemini Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Razer (Asia-Pacific) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Capgemini Singapore Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 195

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1233 of 2020  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
18 January 2023

19 July 2023

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 In the previous tranche of this suit (“Suit 1233”), I found the defendant
liable for breach of contract and negligence against the plaintiff for
misconfiguration of a server file, leading to a leak of the plaintiff’s non-
public consumer data. This decision concerned the assessment of the costs to
be awarded to the plaintiff, and it raised the question of the level of
specificity required to plead a contractual entitlement to indemnity costs.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff, Razer (Asia-Pacific) Pte Ltd (“Razer”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. It is in the business of high-performance gaming
hardware, software, services and systems, financial technology services, and
digital payments. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1.

3 The defendant, Capgemini Singapore Pte Ltd (“Capgemini”), is a professional
services company incorporated in Singapore. It provides information technology
consultancy services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 2; Defence at para 5.

Background

4 Razer commenced Suit 1233 on 29 October 2020. Razer claimed that Capgemini,
acting through its employee, Mr Argel Cabalag (“Mr Cabalag”), was responsible
for the disabling of security settings on Razer’s Kibana application. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at paras 16–17.

This caused unauthenticated access to the Kibana application, resulting in a
leak of non-public information relating to Razer’s customers (“the Data
Leak”): Razer (Asia-Pacific) Pte Ltd v Capgemini Singapore Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC
310 (“Razer (Asia-Pacific)”) at [29]. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 3 (“3AB”) at p 534.

One Mr Bob Diachenko published an article on Linkedin titled, “Thousands of
Razer customers order and shipping details exposed on the web without
password”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

3AB at pp 614–619.

Consequently, the Data Leak received media coverage on multiple websites over
the course of September 2020: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [27]–[28]. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 4 pp 35–121, 125–194, 209–245, 267–283,
289–295, 330–339, 407–410; 3AB pp 623–626, 684–696.

5 Razer claimed that Capgemini had breached the express and implied terms of
the agreements between them: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [34]–[35]. Further,
Capgemini’s alleged contractual breaches caused the Data Leak between 18 June
2020 and 9 September 2020 and caused Razer to suffer, among other things,
reputational damage, which caused its sales revenue to decrease significantly:
Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [36]. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 23.

For context, these agreements referred to the consulting services agreement
(“CSA”) and the Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) which Razer had entered into
with White Sky Labs (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“WSL”) on 1 March 2019 and 20 March
2019, respectively. On 1 June 2020, after Capgemini acquired WSL, Capgemini
assumed the obligations of WSL under the agreements: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at
[4], [15] and [18].

6 In the alternative, Razer claimed that Capgemini was negligent when
assisting Razer to resolve its inability to log into and access the Kibana
server and/or its application (the “Login Problem”) on 18 June 2020, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at paras 28–30.

and/or that Capgemini was vicariously liable for the injury, loss, and damage
sustained as a result of Mr Cabalag’s negligence: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [19]
and [39]. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at paras 33–40.

The resulting negative press caused Razer to suffer loss of profits and loss
of chance to secure potential business opportunities: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at
[40]. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at paras 23(a) and 26.

7 I gave my decision on liability on 9 December 2022: see Razer (Asia-Pacific)
at [122]. I found that Mr Cabalag’s assistance on the Login Problem was
covered under the statement of work for “Adaptive Managed Services” and was
performed in his capacity as an employee of Capgemini: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at
[122]. Further, Capgemini had breached the terms of cl 3 of the CSA dated 1
March 2019 and cl 7 of the DPA dated 20 March 2019: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at
[56]. In the alternative, Capgemini was negligent in its response to the Login
Problem (Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [56]). I ordered Capgemini to pay Razer a sum
of US$6,518,738.81 in damages: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [160].

8 On 18 January 2023, I delivered my decision on costs. The grounds of my
decision are as follows.

The parties’ cases

9 The crux of the parties’ disagreement was whether I should order indemnity
costs against Capgemini.

10 Razer’s case was three-fold. First, by virtue of cl 12 of the CSA and cl 12
of the DPA (the “Indemnity Clauses”), it was contractually entitled to costs
and disbursements on an indemnity basis. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Costs Submissions dated 16 January 2023 (“PCS”) at paras 4(b),
11–13.

In the alternative, Capgemini’s wasteful conduct in Suit 1233 warranted an
award of costs and disbursements on an indemnity basis. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at paras 4(d), 16–30.

Finally, at minimum, Razer submitted that it was entitled to costs and
disbursements on an indemnity basis from 27 June 2022, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PCS at para 4(e).

pursuant to O 22A r 1 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). Razer
had sent an offer to settle on that date (“the OTS”), the terms of which were
more favourable than the court’s decision in Suit 1233 on 18 January 2023. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PCS at paras 4(e), 31–34.

11 In response, Capgemini argued that Razer did not clearly and properly plead
that it would be pursuing a contractual remedy of indemnity costs under the
Indemnity Clauses: see Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd v Credit Agricole (Suisse)
SA (Yeh Mao-Yuan, third party) [2015] 4 SLR 1019 (“Telemedia”) at [30].
Therefore, the Indemnity Clauses were only one relevant factor in the court’s
exercise of discretion in determining the costs to be awarded to Razer. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Costs Submissions dated 17 January 2023 (“DCS”) at paras 8–9.

Further, notwithstanding the Indemnity Clauses, the court should award costs
on a standard basis because Razer had acted unreasonably. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCS at paras 11–26.

However, even if the court awards indemnity costs, the quantum of the costs
should be reasonable and limited, by virtue of the wording of cl 12 of the
CSA, and O 59 r 27(3) of the ROC. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCS at paras 27–33.

Finally, Capgemini avers that the OTS was not a genuine attempt by Razer to
reach an amicable settlement, given Razer’s repeated non-disclosures during
the discovery process and leading up to the trial. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DCS at paras 33–34.

The decision

12 In summary, I awarded costs to Razer on an indemnity basis. In the
alternative, Razer had a separate right to indemnity costs from 27 June 2022
on the basis of the OTS. I detail my decision below.

Relevant legal principles

Contractual entitlement to indemnity costs

13 In my earlier decision of NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte Ltd v Prosper
Marine Pte Ltd and other suits [2020] SGHC 204 (“NSL Oilchem”), I summarised
at [198] the relevant principles where parties had made a contractual
agreement on costs:

The general rule is that costs are awarded on an indemnity basis only in
exceptional circumstances: Tan Chin Yew Joseph v Saxo Capital Markets Pte Ltd
[2013] SGHC 274. That said, the position differs when there is a contractual
agreement on costs. In such situations, the question turns to whether the
party seeking indemnity costs relies on the court’s statutory discretion to
award costs (e.g. Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas [2014] 3 SLR 909 (“Abani
Trading”)) or directly sues on the basis of its contractual entitlement (e.g.
Mansfield v Robinson [1928] 2 KB 353, cited and adopted in United Overseas
Bank Ltd v Sin Leong Ironbed & Furtniture Manufacturing Co (Pte) Ltd [1988] 1
SLR(R) 76 at [16] (“UOB v Sin Leong”)). If the court’s discretion is relied
on, the contractual arrangement between the parties would be a relevant factor
in the court’s exercise of its discretion. The court will tend to exercise
such discretion to uphold the contractual bargain entered into by both parties
unless it would be manifestly unjust to do so: Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd v
Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA (Yeh Mao-Yuan, third party) [2015] 4 SLR 1019 at
[29] (“Telemedia”). If a party relies on its contractual entitlement, such an
agreement will generally be upheld: UOB v Sin Leong at [16]. …

[emphasis in original]

14 However, where a party seeks to enforce its contractual rights directly
under a costs agreement, such a cause of action would have to be clearly and
properly pleaded: Telemedia at [30]; also see Abani Trading at [66]. In such a
case, the party pursues a contractual remedy and must plead their entitlement
to indemnity costs under contract: Telemedia at [66].

Offer to settle

15 Order 22A rule 9 of the ROC provides that where an offer to settle is made
by the plaintiff but not accepted by the defendant and the plaintiff obtains a
judgment “not less favourable than the terms of the offer to settle”, the
plaintiff would get his costs from the defendant up to the date of the offer
to settle on a standard basis and the plaintiff’s costs on an indemnity basis
from the date of the offer to settle “unless the court otherwise orders”:
Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“SCP”) at para
22A/9/1.

16 What is “favourable” must be determined on the terms of the offer to
settle. A more “favourable” sum offered in settlement means “more in terms of
dollar value than what has been awarded”: Tan Shwu Leng v Singapore Airlines
Limited and another [2001] SGHC 51 (“Tan Shwu Leng”) at [96]. However, “[i]n
an offer to settle which contains many terms, the sum offered in settlement is
only one factor to be taken into account in determining whether the
plaintiff’s judgment is more favourable than the offer to settle”: CCM
Industrial Pte Ltd v Uniquetech Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 20 (“CCM Industrial”)
at [40]; also see SCP at para 22A/9/3.

Analysis

Contractual entitlement to indemnity costs

17 Razer’s contractual entitlements to indemnity costs are found in cl 12 of
the CSA and cl 12 of the DPA. I have reproduced them here for convenience.

18 Clause 12 of the CSA reads:

Each party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other party and, at either
party’s request, defend the other party, its subsidiaries and affiliates from
and against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including,
but not limited to reasonable legal fees and costs of suit (collectively
“Claims”), arising out of or in connection with any negligent, malicious or
wilful act or any negligent, malicious or wilful omission of the other party,
its employees, agents, suppliers or subcontractors, including but not limited
to, liability arising from any injury or death to persons or loss of or injury
to property resulting from the other party’s failure to fulfil any obligation
under this Agreement. In any addition and without prejudice to the foregoing,
WhiteSky shall indemnify and hold harmless the Client and, at the Client’s
request, defend the other party, its subsidiaries and affiliates from and
against all Claims arising out of or in connection with (i) any breach of its
representations, warranties, covenants or obligations under clauses 4.4, 9, 10
or 11 of this Agreement; or (ii) any claim brought by a third party in
connection with the Services (including a claim that any Services infringes
the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of such third party).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

19 Clause 12 of the DPA reads:

[Capgemini] shall, at all times during and after the term of the Agreement,
indemnify [Razer] and its Affiliates against losses, damages, costs or
expenses and other liabilities (including legal fees) incurred by [Razer] and
its Affiliates arising out of or in connection with any (a) breach of
[Capgemini’s] obligations under this DPA, (b) [Capgemini’s] negligence or
wilful misconduct or (c) any Security Incident.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

20 It was undisputed that the Indemnity Clauses were engaged, in light of my
decision in Razer (Asia-Pacific). Clause 12 of the DPA was engaged as
Capgemini had breached cl 7 of the DPA: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [56]. Clause
12 of the CSA was engaged as cll 3(ii)(a) and 3(ii)(c) had been beached, and
these were occasioned by the failure of WSL (which Capgemini acquired in March
2020 and whose obligations Capgemini had assumed) to “[perform] its services
to an appropriate standard of proficiency, skill and quality” and the failure
to use “reasonable methods and due care” to “protect against harmful code”:
Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [4] and [82].

21 However, Capgemini contended that Razer could not rely on its contractual
entitlements under the Indemnity Clauses because it did not satisfy the
requirement set out by the High Court in Telemedia at [31] – ie, Razer did not
“clearly and properly plead” that it would be pursuing a contractual remedy of
indemnity costs under the Indemnity Clauses. Specifically, Capgemini argued
that the pleadings “only [made] reference to [Razer’s] reliance on the
Indemnity Clauses but [did] not specifically plead indemnity costs based on
the relevant contractual provisions”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS at paras 8–9.

22 In Telemedia, the High Court did not go into the details of what must be
specifically pleaded in order to rely on a contractual right to obtain
indemnity costs, because the issue did not arise on the facts of that case.
The High Court simply stated that the general principles governing pleadings
would apply (Telemedia at [31]). In my judgment, when determining whether a
party has sufficiently pleaded its contractual right to indemnity costs, the
court must bear in mind the purpose of a pleading. Its fundamental purpose is
to give the opposing party notice of the case against it so that it is not
taken by surprise or prejudiced by an unexpected claim: Vestwin Trading Pte
Ltd and another v Obegi Melissa and others [2006] 3 SLR(R) 573. Where a party
seeks to rely on its contractual entitlement to costs, including the specific
term of the contract in one’s pleading will allow the other party to make an
informed decision at the early stages of the trial as to whether there is a
need to adduce evidence to address the enforceability or applicability of that
contractual provision: Abani Trading at [66]. Based on the foregoing, the
relevant test to determine the sufficiency of the pleading would be whether
the defendant can reasonably say that the plaintiff has expressed the
intention to invoke a specific contractual term to recover costs against the
defendant on an indemnity basis.

23 I now come to the present facts. The pleading in question was set out in
paras 24 and 25 of Razer’s Statement of Claim, which I reproduce below:

24\. [Razer] shall rely on the full terms, meaning and effect of the indemnity
clause in Clause 12 of the CSA, pursuant to which inter alia [Capgemini]
agreed to indemnify and hold [Razer] harmless from all claims, liabilities,
damages, losses and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable legal
fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with any negligent,
malicious or wilful act, or negligent, malicious or wilful omission by
[Capgemini], its employees, agent, suppliers or subcontractors. Clause 12 of
the CSA states:

…

25\. [Razer] shall also rely on the full terms, meaning and effect of the
indemnity clause in Clause 12 of the DPA, pursuant to which [Capgemini] agreed
to indemnify, inter alios, [Razer] against losses, damages, costs or expenses
(including legal fees) incurred by [Razer] arising out of or in connection
with [Capgemini’s] breach of the DPA, [Capgemini’s] negligence or wilful
misconduct, or any Security Incident (as defined in Clause 1.1 of the DPA). ….

24 In my judgment, Razer had clearly and properly pleaded that it would
enforce its contractual rights directly under the Indemnity Clauses. This was
evident from para 24, which stated that Razer would “rely on the full terms,
meaning and effect” of cl 12 of the CSA, “pursuant to which … [Capgemini]
agreed to indemnify and hold [Razer] harmless from … including but not limited
to reasonable legal fees and costs of suit”. Similarly, para 25 provided that
Razer would “also rely on the full terms, meaning and effect of the indemnity
clause in [cl] 12 of the DPA, pursuant to which [Capgemini] agreed to
indemnify … [Razer] against losses, damages, costs or expenses (including
legal fees) incurred by [Razer]”. These statements were sufficient to give
Capgemini notice that Razer intended to rely on the Indemnity Clauses to
recover legal costs on an indemnity basis. Contrary to Capgemini’s
submissions, it was not necessary for Razer to go beyond that. Therefore, I
find that the Indemnity Clauses were sufficiently pleaded.

25 I noted the difference in wording between the Indemnity Clauses. Clause 12
refers to “reasonable legal fees and costs of suit” as an illustration of what
is covered by the indemnity clause, whereas cl 12 of the DPA makes no
reference to the notion of reasonableness. I accepted Razer’s argument that cl
12 of the DPA is applicable as the DPA was entered into after the CSA. Even if
I was wrong on this point, cl 12 of the CSA also cited “reasonable legal fees
and costs of suit” as merely an illustration of what would fall within the
indemnity. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS at paras 11–12.

Therefore, cl 12 of the CSA did not exclude the option of all legal fees being
indemnified.

26 Razer specifically pleaded, and relied on its contractual entitlement when
seeking, indemnity costs for Suit 1233. Applying UOB v Sin Leong and NSL
Oilchem, I held that full indemnity costs, as stipulated in cl 12 of the DPA,
was appropriate here. I found no reason to deviate from the bargain struck
between two commercial parties dealing at arm’s length: NSL Oilchem at [205].

Offer to settle

27 In the alternative, I held that Razer had a separate right to indemnity
costs from 27 June 2022, as Razer had sent an OTS to Capgemini on that date.
The OTS was not subsequently withdrawn, and it did not stipulate an expiry
date. According to the terms of the OTS, Capgemini would be liable to pay
Razer a settlement sum amounting to US$3,000,000, as well as Razer’s costs to
be agreed or taxed. The remaining terms of the OTS pertained to Razer’s
withdrawal of Suit 1233.

28 It was clear that the outcome of Suit 1233 was less favourable than the
terms of the OTS. In my view, the present case was similar to Singapore
Airlines Ltd v Tan Shwu Leng [2001] 3 SLR(R) 439, where the Court of Appeal
was concerned only with the sum offered in the offer to settle, comparing it
with the judgment sum: CCM Industrial at [40]; also see Tan Shwu Leng at [96].
In my earlier decision, I found Capgemini liable to pay Razer a total sum of
US$6,518,738.81 in damages: Razer (Asia-Pacific) at [160]. These damages far
exceeded the settlement sum stated in the OTS, ie, US$3,000,000. I was also
unconvinced by Capgemini’s arguments that the OTS was not a genuine attempt by
Razer to reach an amicable settlement; in my judgment, Capgemini’s allegations
about Razer’s conduct were not relevant. Therefore, applying O 22A r 9 of the
ROC, Razer was entitled to costs and disbursements on an indemnity basis from
27 June 2022 onwards.

Conclusion

29 As a final note, and for completeness, I also considered Capgemini’s
submissions about Razer’s allegedly unreasonable conduct in Suit 1233. These
arguments did not persuade me to award costs against Capgemini on a standard
basis.

30 In the circumstances, I held that Capgemini was liable to pay Razer the
costs of the suit on an indemnity basis. In the alternative, by virtue of
Razer’s OTS, Razer also had a separate right to claim costs on an indemnity
basis from Capgemini from 27 June 2022 onwards. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See HC/JUD 108/2023.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Wong Hin Pkin Wendell and Andrew Chua Ruiming (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Tan I Kwok Lionel, Tan Zhen Wei Victoria and Samuel Lim Tien Sern (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Jul 2023 (10:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

