Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 79

Criminal Case No 32 of 2022

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Yap Pow Foo  
---  
  
judgment ON SENTENCE

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Mitigation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Yap Pow Foo

[2023] SGHC 79

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 32 of 2022  
Tan Siong Thye J  
31 March 2023

31 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 In Public Prosecutor v Yap Pow Foo [2023] SGHC 11 (the “Conviction
Judgment”), I convicted Yap Pow Foo (“the Accused”) of a rape charge under s
375(1)(a) which is punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (the “Rape Charge”) and an aggravated house-breaking charge under s
457 read with s 458A of the Penal Code (the “House-breaking Charge”). These
Charges are as follows:

That you, YAP POW FOO,

FIRST CHARGE| between 3:05am and 3:44am on 30 January 2017, at [Address
Redacted], did commit rape, to wit, you penetrated with your penis the vagina
of [the Victim], without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 375(1)(a) punishable under section 375(2) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).  
---|---  
SECOND CHARGE| sometime around 3:05am to 3:44am on 30 January 2017, at
[Address Redacted], which is a building used as a human dwelling, did commit
housebreaking by night in order to commit an offence punishable with
imprisonment, to wit, you extracted [the Victim’s] door key from under her
door and used it to unlock her door and entered the said unit to commit rape
of [the Victim], and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 457 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed); and further, that you
were on 9 March 2007 convicted in District Court 8 (vide DAC/18174/04) of
housebreaking and theft by night under section 457 read with section 458A of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and sentenced to three years’
imprisonment and two strokes of the cane, which conviction and sentence has
not been set aside to date, and you are thereby liable for additional
punishment of caning under section 458A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed).  
  
2 I shall now give my reasons for the sentences which I shall impose on the
Accused.

Facts relating to the Charges

3 The detailed facts of the Accused’s commission of the offences can be found
in the Conviction Judgment. I shall only refer to the salient features of the
Accused’s criminal conduct that are relevant to the issue of sentencing.

Brief facts leading up to the commission of the offences by the Accused

4 The Accused is a male Chinese Singaporean who is 47 years old. The Accused
was 42 years old and unemployed at the time of the offences. The victim is a
39-year-old female Chinese national (“the Victim”) who worked as a beautician
at the time of the commission of the offences.

5 In the early hours of 30 January 2017, the Accused unlawfully entered the
residential unit of the Victim (“the Unit”) which is a private apartment (“the
Apartment”) and raped the Victim. These offences were committed shortly after
the Accused met the Victim for the first time at a KTV lounge located at Bugis
Cube (“the KTV Lounge”) on the night of 29 January 2017.

6 On the afternoon of 29 January 2017, before heading to the KTV Lounge, the
Victim was celebrating Chinese New Year with her friends at the Unit and had
consumed alcohol. Sometime around 10.00pm on the same day, the Victim and her
friends decided to go for a karaoke session at the KTV Lounge.

7 At the KTV Lounge, the Victim and her friends ordered more alcohol. At about
11.23pm, whilst the group was at the KTV Lounge, one of the Victim’s friends,
Heng Kwok Hun, received a call from the Accused. The Accused, subsequently,
joined the Victim and her friends at the KTV Lounge.

8 Shortly after, the Victim collapsed from heavy intoxication and lay asleep
on the couch at the KTV Lounge. As her friends could not wake her up when they
were leaving, the Accused helped to carry the Victim out of the KTV Lounge.
The Accused then offered to drive the Victim and her friends home.

9 The Accused drove first to the Apartment. As the Victim was completely
intoxicated and unconscious, she had to be carried to the Unit by two of her
friends. Shortly after, the Accused arrived at the Unit, and he helped the
Victim’s two friends to put the Victim on her bed. The three of them then left
the Unit. One of the Victim’s friends locked the main door and slipped the key
underneath the main door.

Facts relating to the commission of the offences

10 After sending all the Victim’s friends home, the Accused returned to the
Apartment alone. Along the way, the Accused had called the Victim on her
handphone numerous times. There was, however, no response from the Victim.
When the Accused arrived at the Apartment, he entered the side gate using the
access code that he remembered earlier on when the Victim’s friends sent the
Victim home.

11 The Accused then went up to the Unit and retrieved the key from underneath
the Unit’s main door using a satay stick that he picked up along the way. The
Accused then entered the Unit and went into the Victim’s bedroom. There, he
undressed the Victim before molesting the Victim and sexually penetrated her
vagina with his penis.

12 The Victim was awakened by the rape, and despite her state of intoxication,
she asked the Accused to leave the Unit after ascertaining his identity. The
Victim telephoned one of her friends to inform her that she was raped. The
Victim also called the police to lodge a report that the Accused had raped
her. Shortly after, the Accused was arrested.

The applicable law

House-breaking by night to commit an offence punishable with imprisonment

13 The Accused committed the offence of house-breaking by night to rape the
Victim. This is an offence under s 457 of the Penal Code which states:

Lurking house-trespass by night or house-breaking by night in order to commit
an offence punishable with imprisonment

457. Whoever commits lurking house-trespass by night or house-breaking by night, in order to commit any offence punishable with imprisonment, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 5 years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if the offence intended to be committed is theft, the term of the imprisonment shall be not less than 2 years and not more than 14 years.

14 Further, prior to this case, the Accused had at least one antecedent of
house-breaking by night to commit theft, for which he was convicted in the
District Court on 9 March 2007 and sentenced to three years’ imprisonment and
two strokes of the cane (see [49] below). Accordingly, the Accused’s sentence
under the House-breaking Charge would be enhanced pursuant to s 458A of the
Penal Code, which states as follows:

Punishment for subsequent offence under section 454 or 457

458A. Whoever, having been convicted of an offence under section 454, … 457 …
commits an offence under section 454 or 457 shall be punished with caning in
addition to the punishment prescribed for that offence.

15 Accordingly, the Accused is liable to be sentenced to both an imprisonment
term which may extend to five years and an additional punishment of caning.

The Rape Charge

16 For the Rape Charge, the relevant punishment provisions are s 375(1)(a)
read with s 375(2) of the Penal Code:

375.—(1) Any man who penetrates the vagina of a woman with his penis —

(a) without her consent …

…

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), a man who is guilty of an offence under this
section shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20
years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning.

Accordingly, the Accused is liable to be sentenced to an imprisonment term of
up to 20 years and shall also be liable to caning.

17 The sentencing guideline framework for rape offences was laid down by the
Court of Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449
(“Terence Ng”). In the application of the sentencing framework, a two-stage
exercise is contemplated (see Terence Ng at [73(a)] and [73(c)]):

(a) First, the Court has to ascertain which of the three sentencing bands the
Accused’s rape offence falls within, having regard to the offence-specific
factors (ie, factors relating to the circumstances of the offence, such as the
harm caused to the victim and the manner by which the offence was committed).
Once the appropriate sentencing band has been identified, the Court derives an
indicative starting point by determining precisely where within the range of
sentences the present offence falls.

(b) Second, the Court calibrates the appropriate sentence for the Accused by
having regard to the offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors.
These are factors which relate to the offender’s particular personal
circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the same factors which have
already been taken into account in determining the categorisation of the
offence. One of the factors which the Court should consider at this stage is
the value of a plea of guilt (if any).

18 The sentencing bands under the Terence Ng sentencing framework are
summarised in the table below (see Terence Ng at [73(b)]):

Band| Description| Sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Cases with no or limited offence-specific aggravating factors| 10 to 13
years’ imprisonment  
and 6 strokes of the cane  
2| Cases of a higher level of seriousness involving two or more offence-
specific aggravating factors| 13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane  
3| Extremely serious cases owing to the number and intensity of offence-
specific aggravating factors| 17 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of
the cane  
  
19 The Court of Appeal in Terence Ng further emphasised the need for the Court
to clearly articulate the factors it has taken into consideration as well as
the weight which it is placing on them. This consideration also applies to the
second stage of the analysis, when the Court is calibrating the sentence from
the indicative starting point and at the end of the sentencing process. The
Court also has to consider the totality principle in sentencing (see Terence
Ng at [73(d)]).

Submissions on sentence

The Prosecution’s submission on sentence

20 The Prosecution seeks a total sentence of 16 to 20 years’ imprisonment and
at least 15 to 16 strokes of the cane. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions dated 6 February 2023 (“Prosecution’s
Sentencing Submissions”) at para 5.

The individual sentences that the Prosecution seeks, before adjustments to
take into account the totality principle, are as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 5.

S/N| Charge| Sentencing position (individual sentences to run consecutively)  
---|---|---  
1| 1st ChargeRapeSection 375(1)(a) p/u s 375(2) of the Penal Code| 14 to 17
years’ imprisonment and at least 12 strokes of the cane  
2| 2nd ChargeHouse-breaking by night to commit rapeSection 457 read with s
458A of the Penal Code| 3 to 4 years’ imprisonment and 3 to 4 strokes of the
cane  
  
The Prosecution seeks for specific deterrence and the application of the
escalation principle

21 The Prosecution highlights the Accused’s lengthy list of antecedents
involving property offences. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 9.

The Prosecution relies on the Accused’s antecedents to submit that the Accused
is a persistent and inveterate offender. The Prosecution further highlights
that there has also been an increase in the seriousness of the Accused’s
offences. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 9 to 16.

In the circumstances, the Prosecution emphasises that specific deterrence and
the escalation principle ought to apply in the present case. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 10, 12 and 16.

I shall consider the Accused’s antecedents in detail below at [49]–[59].

The Rape Charge

22 The Prosecution seeks an individual sentence of 14 to 17 years’
imprisonment and at least 12 strokes of the cane for the Rape Charge. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 5.

23 Under the first stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework, the
Prosecution argues that there are multiple offence-specific aggravating
factors present in this case:

(a) The Accused took advantage of the Victim when she was vulnerable by virtue
of her severe intoxication. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 20.

The Prosecution cites Public Prosecutor v Ong Soon Heng [2018] SGHC 58 (“Ong
Soon Heng”) in support of its position that this is an offence-specific
aggravating factor.

(b) The nature of the sexual assault was highly intrusive, as evidenced by the
Accused’s conduct of outraging the Victim’s modesty prior to the offence
forming the Rape Charge. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 21.

The Prosecution cites Public Prosecutor v Bong Sim Swan Suzanna [2020] 2 SLR
1001 (“Suzanna Bong”) in support of its position that this is an offence-
specific aggravating factor.

(c) There was an element of abuse of third-party trust, given that the
Victim’s friends had trusted the Accused by allowing him to drive the Victim
and her friends home and to help put the Victim on her bed. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 22.

The Prosecution cites Ong Soon Heng in support of its position that the abuse
of third-party trust would constitute an offence-specific aggravating factor.

(d) The Accused’s conduct was premeditated, given that he had taken deliberate
steps towards the commission of the rape offence which shows his predatory
conduct. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 23.

(e) The Accused did not use protection during the rape offence and exposed the
Victim to the risk of pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 24.

The Prosecution relies on Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68
(“Chang Kar Meng) and Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram
Nair”) in support of its position that this is an offence-specific aggravating
factor.

(f) The Accused’s rape offence led to severe, lasting harm caused to the
Victim in the form of psychological trauma, as evidenced by the finding made
by a clinical worker and the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) that the
Victim had the cardinal symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 25.

The Prosecution cites Terence Ng in support of its position that this is an
offence-specific aggravating factor.

(g) The Accused sought to conceal his rape offence when he agreed to pay the
Victim compensation if she withdrew the rape allegation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 26.

The Accused also had no intention to honour his promise to pay compensation to
the Victim. The Prosecution cites Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha Joseph”) in support of its position that this is
an offence-specific aggravating factor.

24 In view of the offence-specific aggravating factors identified by the
Prosecution, the Prosecution submits that the present case falls within the
middle to upper-end of Band 2 of the sentencing framework laid down in Terence
Ng. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 27.

25 As highlighted above at [18], under the Terence Ng sentencing framework,
Band 2 would typically capture offences of a higher level of seriousness
involving two or more offence-specific aggravating factors. The sentencing
range for offences falling within Band 2 would be between 13 years’
imprisonment and 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

26 Under the second stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework, the
Prosecution argues that the following offender-specific aggravating factors
feature in the present case:

(a) The Accused has demonstrated an evident lack of remorse, as seen by the
unnecessary manner in which he conducted his defence despite the overwhelming
evidence against him. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 29 to 30.

The Prosecution cites Terence Ng and Public Prosecutor v Ganesan Sivasankar
[2017] 5 SLR 681 (“Ganesan Sivasankar”) in support of its position that this
is an offender-specific aggravating factor.

(b) The Accused made scandalous aspersions against the Victim, asking
irrelevant questions at trial about her work as a former sex worker as well as
falsely accusing her of having a motive to fabricate an allegation of rape. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 31.

The Prosecution cites Terence Ng in support of its position that this is an
offender-specific aggravating factor.

(c) The Accused has agreed to have a separate charge taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing (hereinafter referred to as the “TIC Charge”).
The TIC Charge involves an offence of sexual harassment of a different female
victim. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 32.

The Prosecution cites Terence Ng in support of its position that the TIC
Charge ought to have some effect on the sentence imposed on the Accused for
the Rape Charge.

(d) The Accused’s antecedents show a dramatic escalation of his previous
sexual offending. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 33.

27 In view of the offender-specific aggravating factors, the Prosecution
submits that an indicative sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment with at least 12
strokes of the cane would be appropriate for the Rape Charge. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 34 to 36.

The Prosecution cites various precedents to support its indicative sentence
for the Rape Charge.

28 The Prosecution points out that there is some overlap between the Rape
Charge and the House-breaking Charge. The Prosecution also notes that there
may be a need to adjust the sentence for the Rape Charge downwards in view of
its position that both the sentences for the Rape Charge and the House-
breaking Charge should be ordered to run consecutively. Therefore, in view of
the totality principle, the Prosecution has proposed a downward adjustment of
its indicative sentence to a sentence in the range of 14 to 17 years’
imprisonment and at least 12 strokes of the cane for the Rape Charge. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 37.

The House-breaking Charge

29 The Prosecution seeks a sentence of three to four years’ imprisonment and
three to four strokes of the cane for the House-breaking Charge. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 38.

30 The Prosecution emphasises that the Accused’s antecedents show that this is
his ninth house-breaking by night offence, and his 20th property offence. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 40.

An uplift of at least one year is, therefore, necessary from his last set of
house-breaking by night offences in 2007 where he was sentenced to three
years’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane for each charge. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 39 to 40.

The Prosecution also submits that there should be an uplift in the number of
strokes of the cane that is ordered. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 41.

31 The Prosecution opines that there is some overlap between the Rape Charge
and the House-breaking Charge, given that one element of the House-breaking
Charge is the Accused’s intent to commit rape while breaking into the Victim’s
home. In the Prosecution’s view, the sentences that it is seeking for the Rape
Charge and the House-breaking Charge allow this Court to make the necessary
adjustments to ensure that the Accused is not unfairly prejudiced by this
overlap. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 42 to 45.

The Prosecution’s total sentence

32 The Prosecution submits that the sentences for the Rape Charge and the
House-breaking Charge should be ordered to run consecutively. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 46 to 47.

33 The Prosecution recognises that the one-transaction principle generally
requires the sentences for offences which are connected in time, place,
purpose, design and unity to run concurrently. However, the Prosecution argues
that the focus must be on whether the additional offence adds to the totality
of the offending, citing Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014]
2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 46.

Here, the Prosecution argues that the Accused infringed separate and distinct
interests of the Victim when he committed the two offences. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 46 to 47.

Therefore, the Prosecution submits that the two sentences ought to run
consecutively.

34 In considering the totality principle, the Prosecution argues that the
total sentence it seeks is not crushing, since it is in keeping with the
Accused’s past record and his future prospects. The Prosecution emphasises
that the Accused has a long list of antecedents and that his future prospects
would not be eclipsed since he retains an expectation of a meaningful life
after his release. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 50 to 51.

However, with a view to seek an objectively lengthy sentence, the Prosecution
states that it would not be opposed to a further downward adjustment of the
total imprisonment term by one year. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 52.

This would, therefore, lead to a total sentence of 16 to 20 years’
imprisonment and 15 to 16 strokes of the cane.

The Defence’s plea in mitigation

35 In its mitigation plea, the Defence urges the Court to impose a total
sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea dated 2 February 2023 (“Defence’s Mitigation Plea”)
at para 31.

The individual sentences the Defence seeks are as follows: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at paras 22 and 25.

S/N| Charge| Sentencing position (individual sentences to run concurrently)  
---|---|---  
1| 1st ChargeRapeSection 375(1)(a) p/u s 375(2) of the Penal Code| 12 years’
imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane  
2| 2nd ChargeHouse-breaking by night to commit rapeSection 457 read with s
458A of the Penal Code| 3 years’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane  
  
Background of the Accused, including his remorse and family circumstances

36 The Defence states that the Accused is sincerely remorseful for having
committed the two offences. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 14.

According to the Defence, the Accused succumbed to his desire to have sexual
intercourse with the Victim. The Defence also states that the Accused, on
hindsight, wished that he had exercised greater prudence instead of giving in
to his desire. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 14.

37 The Defence also highlights that this is the first time the Accused had
committed a rape offence whilst the Accused has committed previous offences of
house-breaking. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 16.

38 The Defence further submits that the Accused’s family, including his wife
and parents, will suffer during his period of incarceration. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at paras 15 and 17.

The Defence also mentioned that the father of the Accused is in ill-health and
his wife is facing financial difficulties. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at paras 15 and 17.

The Defence states that extreme family hardship is a legitimate mitigating
factor.

39 Finally, the Defence states that the Accused’s arrest following the
commission of the offences, the police investigations and the court
proceedings have been a grave punishment for the Accused. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 19.

The Rape Charge

40 The Defence submits that a sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane would be appropriate for the Rape Charge. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 22.

41 The Defence relies on Public Prosecutor v Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri and
others [2020] 4 SLR 790 in support of its sentencing position. According to
the Defence, there is only one offence-specific aggravating factor in the
present case, namely that the Victim was vulnerable at the time of the rape
offence given that she was intoxicated. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 22(b).

Therefore, the Defence views the offence as falling within Band 1 of the
Terence Ng sentencing framework.

42 The Defence also highlights that there are mitigating factors, namely that
the Accused is supporting his aged parents, he also has to bring his father
for medical appointments and assist his father financially with the medical
expenses. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 22(c).

43 In view of the above, the Defence states that a sentence of 12 years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane would be appropriate for the Rape
Charge.

The House-breaking Charge

44 The Defence submits that a sentence of three years’ imprisonment and three
strokes of the cane would be appropriate for the House-breaking Charge.

45 The Defence states that the sentence it seeks is appropriate in view of the
absence of any aggravating factors. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 24.

The Defence’s total sentence

46 The Defence submits that the sentences for the Rape Charge and the House-
breaking Charge should be ordered to run concurrently. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 25.

47 The Defence states that the Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge were
committed as part of the same criminal transaction. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at paras 25 and 27.

Therefore, in line with the one-transaction principle, the sentences ought to
be ordered to run concurrently. In support of this position, the Defence
relies on Ong Soon Heng, where Aedit Abdullah J ordered the individual
sentences for an abduction charge and rape charge to run concurrently in view
of the one-transaction principle. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 27.

48 Therefore, the Defence seeks a total sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and
six strokes of the cane. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 31.

My decision

The Accused’s antecedents show a consistent pattern of reoffending

49 I first consider the Accused’s antecedents which are set out in the table
below:

Date of Conviction| Charge| Sentence imposed on the Accused  
---|---|---  
9 March 1992| One charge of theft | $900 fine  
25 May 1999| Two charges of theft | 6 months’ imprisonment for each charge (concurrent)  
Two charges of house-breaking by night| 4 years’ imprisonment for each charge
(sentence for one charge to run consecutively)  
One charge of house-breaking by night (TIC)| Taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing  
One charge of carrying an offensive weapon in a public place| 9 months’
imprisonment with 6 strokes of the cane (consecutive)  
One charge of criminal intimidation (TIC)| Taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing  
Total sentence: 4 years and 9 months’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane  
9 March 2007| Two charges of house-breaking by night| 3 years’ imprisonment
and 2 strokes of the cane for each charge (sentence for one charge to run
consecutively)  
One charge of house-breaking by night| 24 months’ imprisonment and 2 strokes
of the cane (consecutive)  
Two charges of house-breaking by night (TIC)| Taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing  
Total sentence: 5 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane  
27 October 2014| One charge of fraudulent possession of property, namely, 11
female undergarments| Mandatory Treatment Order for 12 months  
  
50 As can be seen from the table above, the Accused was first convicted for a
property offence on 9 March 1992 when he was just 17 years old. He committed
an offence of theft for which he was fined $900.

51 Undeterred by his conviction in 1992, the Accused proceeded to commit a
string of offences for which he was convicted on 25 May 1999 when he was 24
years old. This was just seven years after his previous conviction. Further,
unlike his previous conviction which involved just a single offence of theft,
the Accused’s convictions in 1999 covered a series of offences. These included
two charges of theft as well as more serious offences, namely two charges of
house-breaking by night and one charge of carrying an offensive weapon in
public. In addition, one charge of house-breaking by night and one charge of
criminal intimidation were taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing. A significant sentence of four years and nine months’ imprisonment
and six strokes of the cane was imposed on the Accused following his
convictions in 1999.

52 Yet, the Accused did not learn his lesson after his convictions in 1999.
Slightly less than eight years after his convictions in 1999, the Accused was
once again convicted for a fresh set of offences on 9 March 2007 when he was
32 years old. Between his convictions in 1999 and his convictions in 2007, the
Accused would have served his sentence of four years and nine months’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for his convictions in 1999. Even
after taking into account any possible remission he might have been given for
good behaviour, what is patently clear is that the Accused proceeded to commit
further property offences just a few years after his release from prison. In
2007, he was convicted of three charges of house-breaking by night. Two other
charges of house-breaking by night were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. For two of the charges of house-breaking by night, the
Accused was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane
for each charge. For the third charge of house-breaking by night, he was
sentenced to 24 months’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane. His total
sentence in 2007, therefore, was a lengthy term of five years’ imprisonment
and six strokes of the cane.

53 Despite the lengthy imprisonment term following his convictions in 2007,
the Accused was once again hauled back to court for an offence of fraudulent
possession of property, namely 11 female undergarments. He was convicted for
this offence on 27 October 2014 when he was 40 years old. Upon his conviction,
he was issued a 12-month Mandatory Treatment Order.

54 In the present case, the Accused has been convicted of two very serious
charges, ie, the Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge. These offences
were committed on 30 January 2017 when the Accused was 42 years old. This
would have been slightly more than two years after his last conviction in
October 2014.

55 What is abundantly clear from a careful scrutiny of the Accused’s criminal
record is that the Accused is a recalcitrant person who has been committing
property offences, among others, since 1992 when he was just 17 years old.
Between 1992 and 2017, ie, the year of his first conviction and the year that
he committed the present set of offences, the Accused has been sentenced to a
total imprisonment term of nine years and nine months’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. What this means is that the Accused has spent a
significant part of a 25-year period from 1992 to 2017 in prison. Despite this
significant period in prison, the Accused has not demonstrated any commitment
to move away from a life of crime. On the contrary, the Accused has instead
proceeded to commit two offences which are significantly more serious. The
Rape Charge carries a maximum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment. The House-
breaking Charge carries a maximum sentence of five years’ imprisonment.

56 The Accused has shown a complete disregard for the law. His antecedents
show a consistent pattern of reoffending. More significantly, beyond the
repeated nature of his reoffending, the Accused has also committed far more
serious offences in the present case. In sentencing the Accused, therefore, I
am mindful that the sentences imposed by this Court have to deter the Accused
from committing further offences.

57 In Public Prosecutor v Low Ji Qing [2019] 5 SLR 769 (“Low Ji Qing”), the
High Court emphasised that an escalation of sentences may be warranted where
the offender’s antecedents disclose a complete disregard for the law (at
[62]):

In considering the offender’s antecedents and the index offence, the court is
inquiring into whether a cycle of offending exists, and if so, what has been
the trend of offending behaviour. An escalation of sentences may be warranted
where the offender’s antecedents disclose a “cavalier disregard for the law”:
[Tan Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10] at [16]; or as the
Malaysian High Court put the point in Soosainathan v PP [2001] 2 MLJ 377 at
385D, where the offender’s prior criminality “demonstrate[s] that the current
offence is no passing lapse, but evidence of a real unwillingness … to comply
with the law”.

58 Further, a review of the Accused’s antecedents and the Statements of Facts
for his convictions in 2007 and his conviction in 2014 show that, by 2007, the
Accused had begun to commit house-breaking by night for the purpose of
stealing female undergarments. In the present set of offences, the sexual
nature of the Accused’s offences escalated significantly when he raped the
Victim. As was noted in Low Ji Qing, proportionality of the crime to the
punishment may therefore demand a significantly heavier sentence to take into
account this marked escalation in the Accused’s reoffending (at [75]–[76]):

75 … [W]here the index offence is much more egregious, then proportionality
may in fact demand a significantly heavier sentence to take account of the
marked escalation in the accused person’s offending. What is essential is for
the sentencing court to undertake a comparison of the gravity of the
antecedent and the index offences, and consider how this should affect the
sentence to be imposed for the index offence.

76 In order to have the correct factual basis for applying the principle of
escalation, a sentencing court should also be alert to the fact that reference
solely to an accused person’s antecedents in the form of the Criminal Records
Office (“CRO”) record may be insufficient. The CRO record typically indicates
the offences the accused person had been charged with, and the sentences
imposed in respect of those charges. In order to have a fuller comparison
between the index offence and the antecedent offence, it might sometimes be
helpful or necessary to have reference to, among other things, the charges,
statement of facts, psychiatric reports, and grounds of decision (where
available). It is not every case where this will be called for – but certainly
where the principle of escalation is in play, a court should endeavour to have
as complete a picture as possible.

[emphasis in original]

59 It is necessary to deter the Accused and would-be offenders from committing
these serious offences.

60 I shall now consider the approach to dealing with an offender who is facing
multiple charges.

The Court’s approach to dealing with an offender who has multiple charges

61 It is well established that a sentencing court dealing with an offender who
has multiple charges must first determine the appropriate individual sentence
for each charge which the accused has been convicted of (see Shouffee at
[26]). Once the individual sentences have been determined, the next stage is
to consider whether the individual sentences should be ordered to run
concurrently or consecutively in order to arrive at a suitable aggregate
sentence (see Shouffee at [27]).

The appropriate sentence for the Rape Charge

The application of the first stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework

62 Under the first stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework, this Court
has to ascertain which of the three sentencing bands the Accused’s offence
falls within, having regard to the offence-specific factors.

(1) Degree of planning, preparation and premeditation

63 I shall first consider the degree of planning, preparation and
premeditation carried out by the Accused when committing the offence of rape.
The court in Terence Ng had stated that the presence of planning and
premeditation would, ordinarily, reflect greater criminality as it evidenced a
considered commitment to law-breaking (at [44(c)]):

Premeditation: The presence of planning and premeditation evinces a considered
commitment towards law-breaking and therefore reflects greater criminality.
Examples of premeditation include the use of drugs or soporifics to reduce the
victim’s resistance, predatory behaviour (eg, the grooming of a child or young
person), or the taking of deliberate steps towards the isolation of the victim
(eg, by arranging to meet at a secluded area under false pretences).

64 The Prosecution argues that there was premeditation as the Accused had
taken deliberate steps towards the commission of the offence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 23.

Based on the evidence, the Accused was clearly an opportunist. The intention
of the Accused to rape the Victim was not formed at the KTV Lounge. Rather,
his intention to commit rape arose after he drove the Victim home and assisted
the Victim’s friends, namely Henry Tan Jun Yuan (“Henry”) and Ma Jinzhe
(“Ma”), to put the Victim on her bed. It was about this time that he knew that
the Victim was unconscious from heavy intoxication and that the key to the
Unit was easily accessible as he saw Henry slipping the key underneath the
main door of the Unit.

65 When the Accused saw an opportunity to rape the Victim, he started to
carefully execute his plan to rape her. He sent the Victim’s friends home and
thereafter he returned to the Apartment. However, the Accused made 12 calls to
the Victim along the way. As I had found in the Conviction Judgment (at
[125]), the purpose of the 12 calls to the Victim was to confirm that the
Victim remained intoxicated and unconscious before he entered the Unit. This
would have enabled him to take full advantage of the Victim’s state of
unconsciousness to outrage her modesty with a view to rape her.

66 In light of the above, when the Accused knew that he could retrieve the key
to enter the Unit, he started to plan to rape the Victim. Thus, the Accused
had shown a considered commitment to commit serious offences and these reflect
greater criminality.

(2) The vulnerability of the Victim

67 I next consider the vulnerability of the Victim. It is clear that the rape
of a victim who is vulnerable would be an offence-specific aggravating factor,
as set out in Terence Ng (at [44(e)]):

Rape of a vulnerable victim: The rape of a victim who is especially vulnerable
because of age, physical frailty, mental impairment or disorder, learning
disability. Concerns of general deterrence weigh heavily in favour of the
imposition of a more severe sentence to deter would-be offenders from preying
on such victims (see [Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814] at
[24(b)]). Such cases would often, but not invariably, be accompanied by
evidence of an abuse of position/trust and/or some element of premeditation
and planning.

68 The Court of Appeal also made clear in Pram Nair that an intoxicated victim
can be considered vulnerable, if such intoxication resulted in the victim
losing control over his or her ability to respond to sexual advances (at
[125]–[127]):

125 In Terence Ng, this court explained that a victim could be vulnerable
because of “age, physical frailty, mental impairment or disorder, learning
disability” (at [44(e)]). The appellant’s interpretation of this aggravating
factor is that it encompasses all manner of vulnerability caused by
“characteristics of a permanent and enduring nature, and not … temporary
intoxication” [emphasis added]. Against this, the PP argues that victims who
are “severely intoxicated” are also vulnerable because their physical and
mental state renders them unable to resist sexual assault. The PP does
concede, however, that mildly intoxicated victims may not be physically or
mentally impaired and thus not vulnerable.

126 We agree with the PP for two reasons. First, approaching the matter in the
abstract, we see no basis for distinguishing between a victim who is
vulnerable because of a permanent characteristic and one who is vulnerable
because of a temporary condition – for example, one who is physically frail
because of a sprained ankle or mentally impaired because of heavy
intoxication. The latter might also become targets because they are less able
to fend off the offender’s sexual advances in the moment of the offence. A
permanent condition may make a victim more vulnerable because it may afford
the offender an opportunity for a more sustained course of sexual assault.
This is the case with young victims: consider PP v BNN [2014] SGHC 7, where
the offender was the stepfather of the victim and abused her over three years,
his abuses growing in intensity and perversion (see [Ng Kean Meng Terence v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449] at [54(d)]). A victim with only a
temporary disability or impairment may be less likely to be subjected to such
a course of sexual assault, but it does not mean she is not vulnerable on the
single occasion on which she is assaulted. The essential feature of this
aggravating factor is that its existence makes it easier for the offender to
commit the rape of the victim. The offender who targets an intoxicated victim
exploits the same advantage. The intoxicated victim might be physically weak
or suffer lapses in consciousness, and thus would be, in the Judge’s words, in
“less of a condition to resist any sexual assault” (Sentence GD at [28]).

127 Second, as a matter of case authority, it is well recognised that an
intoxicated victim is in a position of vulnerability in relation to a sexual
offender, and that this factor in turn aggravates the offence.

[emphasis in original]

69 In the present case, the Victim was severely intoxicated at the material
time of the rape and the Accused took full advantage of the Victim’s complete
helplessness to rape her. The Defence similarly accepts that the Victim was
vulnerable by virtue of her intoxication. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 22.

Therefore, the vulnerability of the Victim, which the Accused knew of and
exploited, was an operative offence-specific aggravating factor.

(3) Lasting harm caused to the Victim

70 I now consider the harm caused to the Victim as a result of the rape. In
Terence Ng (at [44(h)]), the court considered that the harm caused to the
Victim would constitute an aggravating factor in sexual offences:

Severe harm to victim: As Rajah J stressed in [Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4
SLR(R) 849], every act of rape invariably inflicts immeasurable harm on a
victim (at [46] and [47]). It seriously violates the dignity of the victim by
depriving the victim’s right to sexual autonomy and it leaves irretrievable
physical, emotional and psychological scars. Where the rape results in
especially serious physical or mental effects on the victim such as pregnancy,
the transmission of a serious disease, or a psychiatric illness, this is a
serious aggravating factor. In many cases, the harm suffered by the victim
will be set out in a victim impact statement.

71 In the present case, there was serious harm caused to the Victim. The
Accused committed the grave offence of rape in the Victim’s bedroom. The
Victim’s bedroom was meant to be a safe haven for her to rest peacefully.
Instead, the Accused breached that safe haven and proceeded to rape the
Victim. In doing so, the Accused turned the Victim’s bedroom into a constant
reminder of the rape. The Accused’s act was an outrageous and gross invasion
of the Victim’s privacy.

72 Further, the medical report by Dr Guo Song, a Psychiatrist and Senior
Consultant at the Department of Addiction Medicine at IMH, which was adduced
by the Prosecution, makes clear that the Victim suffered a lasting impact
following the offence of rape by the Accused (at para 24): 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Exhibit P3, IMH report by Dr Guo Song.

Clinically, she did seem to experience some of the cardinal symptoms of Post-
traumatic Stress Disorder related to the alleged rape, for which she had been
referred to IMH for further psychological treatment.

73 The lasting impact of the Accused’s rape offence on the Victim was,
therefore, patently clear.

74 Further, the Prosecution has rightly pointed out that the Accused’s failure
to use protection exposed the Victim to the risk of pregnancy and sexually
transmitted diseases. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 24.

In Chang Kar Meng (at [21(b)]), it was recognised that the offender’s failure
to use any protection would serve as an aggravating factor. The Court of
Appeal in Pram Nair further explained, albeit in the context of distinguishing
between penile penetration of the vagina and digital penetration of the
vagina, why exposing a victim to unwanted pregnancy or risk of contracting a
sexually-transmitted disease added to the trauma suffered by the victim (at
[150(a)]):

It cannot be denied that an unwanted pregnancy and contracting a sexually-
transmitted disease would have far-reaching consequences for the victim. The
knowledge that she would be at risk of becoming pregnant or contracting a
sexually-transmitted disease would itself inflict an extra level of trauma on
the victim.

75 Therefore, the significant and lasting harm caused to the Victim as a
result of the Accused’s rape offence must be recognised by this Court when
considering the appropriate sentence to be imposed on the Accused for the Rape
Charge.

(4) The Accused’s attempt to conceal the offence of rape

76 Here, the Accused offered the Victim monetary compensation as he thought
that this might lead to the Victim not reporting the Accused to the police for
rape. In other words, the Accused was seeking to conceal his offence of rape
from the police by offering to compensate the Victim.

77 In Vasentha Joseph, Sundaresh Menon CJ stated, in the context of drug
offences, that an offender’s attempt to conceal his offence should be treated
as an aggravating factor and explained the rationale for this (at [69]):

In my judgment, an offender’s attempt to conceal or dispose of the evidence of
his offence, such as drugs or paraphernalia, in order to avoid prosecution or
a heavier sentence should be treated as an aggravating factor. The rationale
for this is not dissimilar to the basis on which attempts to conceal the
offence or prevent detection are treated as enhancing culpability. In these
cases, the accused is generally seeking to do one or more of a number of
things: to avoid detection in order to continue the unlawful conduct; to avoid
the full and proper consequences of his illicit actions; or to thwart law
enforcement efforts. The aggravating weight to be placed on this may depend on
the circumstances. Where the offender has successfully disposed of the drugs
in his possession, the sentencing judge must not speculate on the original
quantity of drugs and attempt to sentence the offender as if the drugs had not
been disposed of; but the judge would undoubtedly be entitled to enhance the
sentence having regard to this aggravating factor.

78 In the present case, the Accused offered to compensate the Victim. The
Accused sought to conceal the offence of rape to avoid the full and proper
consequences of his illicit actions. When the Accused offered compensation to
the Victim, he did not know that the Victim had already called the police. The
Accused admitted that if he had known that the Victim had already reported the
rape to the police, he would not have offered any compensation.

79 Further, the Accused’s conduct of offering the Victim compensation was, in
fact, a charade. The Accused did not have a real intention to compensate the
Victim. Rather, he offered a large sum simply to persuade her to drop the case
against him. Once the Victim dropped her case, the Accused had no intention to
fully compensate the Victim.

80 Therefore, the Accused’s conduct is an aggravating factor.

(5) Whether there was any abuse of third-party trust

81 The Prosecution submits that there was an element of abuse of third-party
trust in this case, given that the Victim’s friends allowed the Accused to
drive them all home and to help put the Victim on her bed. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 22.

82 The Prosecution cites the case of Ong Soon Heng in support of its position.
In Ong Soon Heng, the offender, the victim and several acquaintances were at a
nightclub. The victim lost consciousness as a result of intoxication. The
offender told the victim’s friends and the staff of the nightclub that he
would send the victim to her home. The offender was, therefore, entrusted by
the others with control of the victim’s person and movement to bring her home
and keep her unharmed. Instead, the offender proceeded to drive the victim to
his residence where he had sexual intercourse with her. The offender was
convicted of a charge of abduction as well as a charge of rape.

83 It was in the context of the offender being entrusted by the victim’s
friends and the staff of the night to send the victim to her home that the
court in Ong Soon Heng stated the following (at [142]–[143]):

142 While exploitation of entrustment by third parties was not expressly
recognised by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence as an example of an
offence-specific aggravating factor, I was of the view that it would be
appropriate to treat this factor as such. Where the safety or wellbeing of the
victim is entrusted to an offender by third parties, the offender, although
not in a position of trust or responsibility in the sense outlined in the
previous section, nevertheless commits an analogous “dual wrong”: not only has
he committed a serious crime, he has violated the trust placed in him by
others to protect or at least refrain from causing harm to the victim. That
would, to my mind, be sufficient to amount to an offence-specific aggravating
factor.

143 On the present facts, the [a]ccused was given the opportunity to be alone
with the [v]ictim and to be in control of the [v]ictim’s person and movement
because the others had entrusted him with bringing her home and keeping her
unharmed. In fact, the [a]ccused had told the [v]ictim’s friends, including
Kwok, and the staff of Zouk that he would send the [v]ictim home. However, the
[a]ccused violated such trust placed in him by the others; he exploited the
situation and committed a heinous act on the [v]ictim. In the circumstances, I
found that the exploitation of the entrustment that the third parties had
reposed in the [a]ccused was an offence-specific aggravating factor in the
present case.

84 The facts in Ong Soon Heng are quite different from the facts of the
present case. The offender in Ong Soon Heng was specifically entrusted by the
victim’s friends and the staff of the nightclub to send the victim to her
home. The offender had, however, breached that trust by abducting the victim
and bringing her to his own home. Although the facts in the present case are
not the same as in Ong Soon Heng, the Accused had also breached the trust of
the Victim’s friends, Henry and Ma. They allowed the Accused to go into the
Unit as they trusted him. They also allowed the Accused to witness the
slipping of the Victim’s door key beneath the main door of the Unit. Henry and
Ma would not have allowed the Accused into the Unit if they had known of the
insidious motive of the Accused to rape the Victim.

(6) The sentencing band which the Accused’s rape offence falls within

85 Having considered the offence-specific aggravating factors, I am unable to
accept the Defence’s submission that this offence has only one offence-
specific aggravating factor, ie, that the Victim was vulnerable given that she
was intoxicated. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence’s Mitigation plea at para 22(b).

Rather, there are clearly numerous offence-specific aggravating factors which
feature in the present case.

86 For the reasons above, this offence falls within Band 2 of the Terence Ng
sentencing framework. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defence’s Mitigation plea at para 22(b).

Band 2 provides a sentencing range of between 13 years’ imprisonment and 17
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

The application of the second stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework

87 Under the second stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework, this Court
must consider the aggravating and mitigating factors which are personal to the
Accused to calibrate the sentence.

(1) The Accused’s evident lack of remorse in view of the manner in which he
conducted his defence

88 I shall consider the Prosecution’s submission that the Accused demonstrated
an evident lack of remorse. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 29.

In Terence Ng, the court indicated when it would ordinarily draw a conclusion
of an offender’s evident lack of remorse (at [64(c)]):

Evident lack of remorse: Such a conclusion may be drawn if, for example, the
offender had conducted his defence in an extravagant and unnecessary manner,
and particularly where scandalous allegations are made in respect of the
victim. In [Public Prosecutor v AHB [2010] SGHC 138], the offender not only
failed to take responsibility, but also blamed his wife, whom he said had
withheld vaginal intercourse from him, for his behaviour (at [21]).

89 In the present case, the Prosecution argues that the Accused conducted his
defence in an unnecessary manner, and also made scandalous allegations in
respect of the Victim. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 29 to 31.

90 The Prosecution argues that the Accused conducted his defence in an
unnecessary manner despite the fact that there was overwhelming objective
evidence against the Accused. The Prosecution opines that there were HSA
toxicology and DNA reports, CCTV footage, video footage and the Accused’s
statements to the police. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 29.

91 In the Conviction Judgment, I had found that the Accused continuously
changed his evidence on significant events throughout the trial. In
particular, I made the findings that the Accused had lied numerous times in
the face of objective forensic and scientific evidence before the Court (see
the Conviction Judgment at [275]). For example, the Accused was confronted
with forensic evidence in the form of the DNA analysis of the high vaginal
swab which showed that the Accused’s DNA was found in the high region of the
Victim’s vagina. This indicated that the Accused’s penis had penetrated deep
into the Victim’s vagina. Against this independent forensic evidence, however,
the Accused defiantly claimed that his penis only entered “[j]ust a bit” into
the Victim’s vagina. To counter the forensic evidence, the Accused suddenly
alleged in the course of trial that he had used his finger to penetrate deep
into the Victim’s vagina. This was raised for the first time on the second
last day of the trial, and appeared to be an embellishment on the Accused’s
part. In my view, this clearly illustrated the Accused’s defiant manner of
conducting his defence despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary.

92 In Ganesan Sivasankar, the High Court set out quite clearly that it would
be relevant during sentencing if an offender conducted his defence in a
defiant manner despite being faced with overwhelming evidence which clearly
contradicts his defence (at [35]):

It is well established that the mere fact of claiming trial is not an
aggravating circumstance (Kuek Ah Lek v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 766 at [65]). At
the same time, however, the fact that an accused maintains the correctness of
his position “in a defiant manner right to the end, despite the overwhelming
evidence to the contrary”, is a relevant factor to be taken into account (Lee
Foo Choong Kelvin v PP [1999] 3 SLR(R) 292 at [36]), as is the fact that an
accused has “all but spun an entire fairy tale in court” (Trade Facilities Pte
Ltd v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 7 at [116]).

93 Thus, the Accused’s defiant manner of conducting his defence must be
treated as an aggravating factor.

94 I was particularly troubled by the Accused’s scandalous allegations made
against the Victim throughout the course of the trial.

95 The Accused advanced an unbelievable allegation that the Victim was
intimate towards him at the KTV lounge when they first met. This was
completely contrary to the evidence by the Prosecution’s witnesses.

96 The Accused made the above allegation to support his defence that the
Victim had fabricated the claim of rape against him. The Accused alleged that
the Victim made the false claim so that she could remain in Singapore for a
longer period as she had to assist in the police investigations. This was,
however, a completely absurd and scandalous allegation. Nevertheless, the
Accused falsely alleged that the Victim had seduced him at the KTV Lounge,
lured and invited him into the Unit, physically caressed him in the Unit,
willingly had sex with him, disengaged in the midst of penetration, and then
cried rape and called the police (see the Conviction Judgment at [286]). Such
scandalous aspersions against the Victim were entirely fabricated. These
aspersions illustrated clearly that the Accused did not have an iota of
remorse during the trial. Rather, his focus was simply to state whatever was
necessary to avoid being found guilty of the Rape Charge.

(2) The Accused’s expression of remorse in his mitigation plea

97 I am mindful that the Accused now expresses remorse for having committed
the offence. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 14.

The Accused acknowledges in his mitigation plea that he has done wrong. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 15.

98 However, this must be balanced against the fact that no such remorse was
forthcoming from him at the trial. On the contrary, as I have set out above,
the Accused conducted his defence in an unnecessary and defiant manner and
went one step further to cast scandalous aspersions against the Victim.
Therefore, while he claims to be remorseful now, this expression of remorse
only appears after he has been found guilty by this Court and is about to face
punishment for his crimes. While I acknowledge his remorse, I must accord this
remorse limited weight, and balance it against other factors in this case.

(3) The Accused’s TIC Charge

99 The Accused has agreed for a third charge, ie, the TIC Charge, to be taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The particulars of the TIC
Charge are as follows: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Exhibit C3, 3rd Charge.

That you, YAP POW FOO, at or around 12.31pm on 28 March 2017, in Singapore,
did intentionally cause distress to [X], by making an insulting communication,
to wit, you sent [X] two photos of penises and a message “Kns give u this”,
with the intent to cause distress to [X], and which did so cause her distress,
and you have thereby committed an offence under section 3(1)(b) and punishable
under section 3(2) of the Protection from Harassment Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev
Ed).

100 The court in Terence Ng stated that charges which have been taken into
consideration and which are of a similar nature to the proceeded charges would
normally lead to a court increasing a sentence (at [64(a)]):

Offences taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing (“TIC
offences”): While a court is not bound to increase a sentence merely because
there are TIC offences, it will normally do so where the TIC offences are of a
similar nature (see [Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500] at [38]).

101 In the present case, the TIC Charge is undeniably of a sexual nature,
given that the Accused had harassed a different victim by sending her two
photos of penises and a message. The offence forming the TIC Charge also
occurred less than two months after the Accused raped the Victim. However, I
am mindful that the TIC Charge is a charge under the Protection from
Harassment Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) which makes it markedly different from
the Rape Charge. Therefore, the presence of the TIC Charge should carry
limited weight in my final decision on the appropriate sentence for the Rape
Charge.

(4) The Defence’s submission that the Accused’s family will suffer exceptional
hardship

102 The Defence has stated in its mitigation plea that the Accused’s family
will suffer tremendous trauma and hardship if he is too harshly dealt with. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 17.

103 It is well settled law that, except in the most exceptional circumstances,
hardship to the offender’s family has very little, if any, mitigating value:
Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [11]; Public
Prosecutor v Yue Mun Yew Gary [2013] 1 SLR 39 at [67]–[68].

104 The financial difficulties of the Accused’s wife and the health issues of
the Accused’s elderly parents are not exceptional circumstances which carry
any meaningful mitigating value. When the Accused committed the offences, he
bore the risk that his conduct might eventually cause hardship to his family.
This is nothing more than the inevitable result of the Accused’s own conduct.
He must, therefore, face the consequences of his conduct.

(5) The Prosecution’s submission that the Accused’s antecedents show a
dramatic escalation from his previous sexual offending

105 I shall consider the Prosecution’s submission that the Accused’s
antecedents show a dramatic escalation from his previous sexual offending. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 33.

The Prosecution has adduced the Statements of Facts for the Accused’s house-
breaking by night offences in 2007 and the fraudulent possession of property
offence in 2014. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Bundle of Documents and Authorities at Tabs 21 and
22.

These offences were committed by the Accused to steal female underwear for his
sexual gratification. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 13.

Thus, the present rape offence shows a dramatic escalation in the Accused’s
sexual offending.

The individual sentence that should be imposed on the Accused for the Rape
Charge

106 In considering the appropriate sentence for the Rape Charge, I note that
the Accused did not harm the Victim when she suddenly regained consciousness
in the midst of the rape. As the Victim was still semi-conscious and
defenceless, the Accused, who was in a dominant position, could have inflicted
serious injuries on her if he had wanted to. Fortunately, the Accused abruptly
stopped the rape and left the Unit when the Victim told him to leave. Having
considered the offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors at the
second stage of the Terence Ng sentencing framework, the appropriate sentence
for the Rape Charge is 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

The appropriate sentence for the House-breaking Charge

107 I shall now consider the appropriate sentence for the House-breaking
Charge.

108 Looking at the Accused’s antecedents, this is the Accused’s ninth house-
breaking by night offence. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 40.

Before the present offence, the Accused was convicted of five house-breaking
by night offences, with three other house-breaking by night charges taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing.

109 Further, as I have set out in the table at [49] above, the Accused
previously received sentences of between 24 months’ imprisonment and two
strokes of the cane and four years’ imprisonment for his past house-breaking
by night offences. In his last set of house-breaking by night offences in
2007, the highest individual sentence meted out on the Accused was three
years’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane.

110 Despite being convicted multiple times for house-breaking by night
offences, the Accused has not shown any commitment to refrain from
reoffending. Therefore, it is necessary to deter the Accused and other would-
be offenders from committing offences of house-breaking by night.

111 Further, the Accused’s present offence of house-breaking by night was much
more serious as he committed it for the purpose of committing a grave sexual
offence of rape. If there was no house-breaking offence, there would not have
been a rape. The Accused knew the severity of the punishment for house-
breaking by night when he unlawfully entered the Unit as he had been
previously punished for it. This did not deter him in any way. This serious
escalation in the nature of the Accused’s house-breaking by night offence
cannot be ignored. However, I am mindful that the Accused has been convicted
and is being sentenced separately for the Rape Charge.

112 In view of the foregoing, there must be a significant uplift in the
sentence for the Accused’s present offence forming the House-breaking Charge.
Bearing in mind the sentences that have been imposed for the Accused’s
previous house-breaking by night offences, the appropriate sentence for the
House-breaking Charge is four years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the
cane.

The aggregate sentence

113 Having determined the appropriate sentences in respect of each of the
Charges, I shall determine a suitable aggregate sentence. In this regard, the
general rule is that consecutive sentences should be ordered for unrelated
offences, subject to the totality principle, the one-transaction rule, and any
statutory provisions that supersede the general rule (see Public Prosecutor v
Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 (“Raveen”) at [65]–[67]).

The one-transaction principle

114 The general rule, as stated in Raveen (at [54]), is that “sentences for
unrelated offences should run consecutively, while sentences for related
offences forming part of a single transaction should run concurrently”.
Whether multiple offences form part of a single transaction depends on whether
they form a “single invasion of the same legally protected interest” (Raveen
at [39], citing D A Thomas, Principles of Sentencing: The Sentencing Policy of
the Court of Appeal Criminal Division (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at p 53).

115 In the present case, the Prosecution submits that the sentences for the
Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge ought to run consecutively. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at paras 46 to 47.

The Prosecution argues that different legally-protected interests were
infringed upon by the Accused when he committed the offences of rape and
house-breaking by night. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 47.

The Prosecution suggests a total sentence of 16 to 20 years’ imprisonment and
15 to 16 strokes of the cane, ie, 14 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane for the Rape Charge and three to four years’ imprisonment and
three to four strokes of the cane for the House-breaking Charge, after giving
the sentencing discount.

116 Conversely, the Defence argues that the two offences were committed as
part of the same criminal transaction. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at paras 25 and 27.

Therefore, the Defence states that the two sentences ought to run
concurrently, ie, 12 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the
Rape Charge and three years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for
the House-breaking Charge.

117 Therefore, the Defence seeks a total sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment
and six strokes of the cane. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence’s Mitigation Plea at para 31.

I would like to pause here and mention that there is an error in the Defence’s
total sentence. The Defence urges the Court to order the imprisonment terms to
run concurrently, ie, the total sentence of imprisonment would be 12 years’
imprisonment. However, caning cannot be ordered to run concurrently.

118 In Public Prosecutor v Chan Chuan and another [1991] 1 SLR(R) 14 (“Chan
Chuan”), Punch Coomaraswamy J stated (at [39]) that sentences of caning cannot
be imposed as concurrent sentences. Coomaraswamy J further observed that the
provisions in the then Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC
1985”) did not provide for such a possibility. He also placed emphasis on s
230 of the CPC 1985 which provided that:

When a person is convicted at one trial of any two or more distinct offences
any two or more of which are legally punishable by caning the combined
sentence of caning awarded by the court for any such offences shall not,
anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding, exceed a total number of
24 strokes in the case of adults or 10 strokes in the case of youthful
offenders.

119 In Coomaraswamy J’s view (at [40]), “the sentences of caning are to be
aggregated provided that, in the case of an adult, the maximum of 24 strokes
is not exceeded”.

120 The substance of s 230 of the CPC 1985 is now embodied in s 328 of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 as follows:

328.—(1) Despite any provision of this Code or any other law to the contrary,
where an accused is sentenced at the same sitting for 2 or more offences
punishable by caning (called in this section the relevant offences), the
aggregate sentence of caning imposed by the court in respect of the relevant
offences must not exceed the specified limit.

…

(6) In this section, the specified limit is 24 strokes in the case of an adult
and 10 strokes in the case of a juvenile.

121 The position in Chan Chuan was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Yuen Ye
Ming v Public Prosecutor [2020] 2 SLR 970 (“Yuen Ye Ming”). In Yuen Ye Ming
(at [26]), the Court of Appeal saw no need to revisit the position in Chan
Chuan:

Against this backdrop of consistent and established jurisprudence, we see no
reason to revisit the High Court decision in [Public Prosecutor v Chan Chuan
[1991] 1 SLR(R) 14]. To reiterate the reasoning of the High Court in that
case, if Parliament had intended to make available the power to impose
concurrent sentences of caning, this power would have been provided for as in
the case of imprisonment terms. This view has been reflected clearly and
consistently in the courts’ sentencing practice and Parliament has not sought
to change or to correct it by statutory amendment over these past decades
although many major changes to the CPC have been made. Therefore, to invoke s
6 of the CPC for the purpose of introducing a non-statutory power relating to
caning which Parliament has seen fit all these years not to incorporate into
the CPC would be to contradict Parliament’s intention. The principle of
proportionality must take reference from the legislative intent of Parliament.
Where Parliament has expressed its intention clearly in the form of mandatory
caning or a mandatory number of strokes while setting only the specified limit
of 24 strokes for adult offenders in s 328 of the CPC, it is impermissible for
the court to qualify or even to nullify such intention by the subtle use of
non-statutory powers in a supposed quest for proportionality.

122 Therefore, though the Defence asks for the sentences of imprisonment for
the Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge to run concurrently, this would
only affect the total imprisonment term and not the number of strokes of the
cane to be imposed on the Accused. Given the Defence’s submissions on the
appropriate sentences, the total sentence that the Defence is, in fact,
seeking is 12 years’ imprisonment and nine strokes of the cane.

123 I now return to the issue of the one-transaction principle. It is
undeniable that the two different offences were temporally proximate. However,
the focus must remain on the different legally-protected interests which were
violated. The offence of rape and the offence of house-breaking by night
infringed upon separate and distinct interests of the Victim. This was
similarly the observation of the Court of Appeal in Chang Kar Meng (at [55]
and [62]) when it dealt with an offender convicted of a charge of robbery with
hurt as well as a charge of rape. The fact that the offences were proximate in
time or involved the same victim carried little weight, in view of the fact
that the offences led to different interests of the victim being infringed
upon. The same principle must apply here.

124 Similarly, in Muhammad Sutarno bin Nasir v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR
647 (“Sutarno”), the Court of Appeal found that the offences of rape and
house-breaking violated different legally-protected interests and should not
be regarded as being part of a single transaction (at [22]):

Having determined the individual sentence for each charge, the next stage is
for the court to consider whether they should run consecutively or
concurrently. In our judgment, the Judge was correct in ordering all three
sentences to run consecutively. First, s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) provides that where a person is sentenced to
imprisonment for at least three distinct offences, the court must order the
sentences for at least two offences to run consecutively. Second, the
possession charge relates to a separate transaction which took place about a
month prior to the rape and house-breaking offences. Third, although the
latter two offences were temporally proximate, the offences of rape and house-
breaking violate different legally-protected interests and should not be
regarded as being part of a single transaction: [Chang Kar Meng v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68] at [62]; Mohamed [S]houffee bin Adam v PP [2014] 2
SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at [33]. Distinct offences should be punished separately
with consecutive sentences so as to ensure that each legally-protected
interest is properly vindicated. Otherwise, the imposition of concurrent
sentences for unrelated offences would result in the perverse and unjust
outcome of the offender not having to bear any real consequences for the
further offending: [Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799]
at [41]–[46].

125 In view of the fact that the Accused’s two offences in the present case
infringed separate and distinct interests of the Victim, the Court is unable
to accept the Defence’s submission seeking for the sentences of imprisonment
for the Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge to run concurrently.

126 More significantly, however, the consequences of allowing the sentences
for the Rape Charge and House-breaking Charge to run concurrently would be to
marginalise the Accused’s house-breaking by night offence. This would mean
that despite the Accused’s numerous house-breaking by night antecedents, he is
only punished for the Rape Charge and he is not punished for the House-
breaking Charge in terms of imprisonment. As was noted by the Court of Appeal
in Sutarno (at [22]), the imposition of concurrent sentences would result in
“the perverse and unjust outcome of the offender not having to bear any real
consequences for the further offending”.

127 Therefore, the apposite punishment for the Accused is to order the
sentences of imprisonment for the Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge to
run consecutively.

The totality principle

128 The totality principle requires that the Court first examine whether the
aggregate sentence is substantially above the sentences normally meted out for
the most serious of the individual sentences committed (see Shouffee at [54]).
The Court would then proceed to consider whether the effect of the sentence on
the offender is crushing and not in keeping with his past record and his
future prospects (see Shouffee at [57]).

129 To order the sentences for the Rape Charge and the House-breaking Charge
to run consecutively would lead to a total sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment
and 16 strokes of the cane. In my view, this sentence cannot be said to be
crushing or not in keeping with his past record and future prospects.

130 I highlight that the sentence imposed for the Rape Charge is already on
the lower end of Band 2 of the Terence Ng sentencing framework. I would have
imposed a sentence falling within the middle to higher end of Band 2 in view
of the numerous aggravating factors. In Ong Soon Heng, the offender was
untraced and claimed trial. There were only two offence-specific aggravating
factors and no offender-specific aggravating factors. Despite this, the court
in Ong Soon Heng imposed a sentence of 13 and a half years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane.

131 In contrast to Ong Soon Heng, I have imposed a sentence which is on the
lower end of Band 2, despite the fact that the present case featured
additional offence-specific and offender-specific aggravating factors.
Therefore, the total sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment and 16 strokes of the
cane cannot be said to be substantially above the sentences normally meted out
for the most serious of the individual sentences committed.

132 Further, the Accused has multiple house-breaking by night antecedents. As
I have elucidated above at [49]–[59], the Accused is a recalcitrant person and
demonstrated a consistent pattern of reoffending. In ordering the sentences to
run consecutively, the total sentence cannot be said to be one which is not in
keeping with his past record.

133 Finally, in view of the Accused’s age and the severity of the Charges the
total sentence is not crushing on the Accused.

Summary of findings on the sentences

134 In summary, my findings on the sentences are as follows:

(a) The sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane is
appropriate for the Rape Charge. There are numerous offence-specific
aggravating factors which make this offence falls within Band 2 of the Terence
Ng sentencing framework. The Accused was an opportunist who had engaged in
careful planning as soon as he spotted an opportunity to rape the Victim. The
Accused also took advantage of the Victim who was vulnerable by virtue of her
heavy intoxication. The rape had also caused lasting psychological harm to the
Victim. The Accused also attempted to conceal his offence of rape from the
police by offering to compensate the Victim. There are also a number of
offender-specific aggravating factors. The Accused conducted his defence in an
unnecessary manner and made scandalous allegations against the Victim. While
he has expressed remorse in his mitigation plea, this remorse must be given
little weight in view of his evident lack of remorse at the trial. The Accused
had agreed for a third charge, ie, the TIC Charge, to be taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. In view of the offence-specific
and offender-specific factors, a sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane is appropriate for the Rape Charge.

(b) The sentence of four years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane is
appropriate for the House-breaking Charge. This is the Accused’s ninth house-
breaking by night offence. The Accused had received sentences of between 24
months’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane and four years’ imprisonment
for his past house-breaking by night offences. Despite being convicted
multiple times for house-breaking by night charges, the Accused has not shown
any commitment to refrain from reoffending. There is a need to deter the
Accused and would-be offenders from committing offences of house-breaking by
night. The House-breaking Charge is egregious as it was committed to rape the
Victim.

(c) The present case warrants the punishment for the Rape Charge and House-
breaking Charge to run consecutively, ie, a total sentence of 17 years’
imprisonment and 16 strokes of the cane. While the two offences were
temporally proximate, the offence of rape and the offence of house-breaking by
night infringed separate and distinct interests of the Victim. Conversely, to
order the sentences to run concurrently, in light of the Accused’s
antecedents, would result in marginalising the severity of the Accused’s
crimes. This would be a perverse and unjust outcome.

(d) The total sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment and 16 strokes of the cane
cannot be said to be crushing or not in keeping with his past record and
future prospects.

Conclusion

135 For all of the above reasons, I sentence the Accused to 17 years’
imprisonment and 16 strokes of the cane.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chong Kee En and Susanna Yim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

S S Dhillon and Suppiah Krishnamurthi (Dhillon & Panoo LLC) for the Defence.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Mar 2023 (16:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

