Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 42

Suit No 994 of 2019

Between

(1)| Rajina Sharma d/o Rajandran suing by her litigation representative
Theyvasigamani s/o Periasamy  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Theyvasigamani s/o Periasamy  
---|---  
(2)| Jasmani bin Jaffar  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| Song Teck Chong  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

judgmenT

[Damages — Measure of damages — Personal injuries cases — General damages —
Pain and Suffering — Loss of future earnings — Loss of retirement benefits —
Future losses and expenses]

[Damages — Measure of damages — Personal injuries cases — Paragraph 159 of the
Supreme Court Practice Directions 2013 — Application of “Actuarial Tables with
Explanatory Notes for use in Personal Injury and Death Claims” — Adjustment
for other vicissitudes]

[Damages — Measure of damages — Personal injuries cases — Appropriate
multiplier and multiplicand]

[Damages — Measure of damages — Personal injuries cases — Pre-trial expenses —
Pre-trial loss of earnings — Pre-trial loss of earnings of the plaintiff’s
caregiver]

[Damages — Measure of damages — Personal injuries cases — Whether the
plaintiff is entitled to damages for pre-trial loss of earnings of the
plaintiff’s caregiver, who is also the tortfeasor]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rajina Sharma d/o Rajandran (suing by her litigation representative
Theyvasigamani s/o Periasamy)

  
v

  

Theyvasigamani s/o Periasamy and another

  

(Song Teck Chong, third party)

[2024] SGHC 42

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 994 of 2019  
Teh Hwee Hwee J  
13 – 16 September 2022, 4 May 2023, 3 January 2024

13 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Teh Hwee Hwee J:

Introduction

1 These proceedings concern the assessment of damages suffered by the
plaintiff in an unfortunate road traffic accident that changed the course of
her life. An important question is raised as to whether an additional discount
should be applied to awards for loss of future earnings and other future
losses that are calculated based on the application of actuarial tables in
Hauw Soo Hoon et al, Actuarial Tables with Explanatory Notes for use in
Personal Injury and Death Claims (Academy Publishing, 2021) (“Singapore
Actuarial Tables”), which account for the accelerated receipt of lump sum
compensation and the risk of mortality but not other contingencies and
vicissitudes of life.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff was born on 8 December 1984. She was almost 32 years old and
was working as a Senior Staff Sergeant in the Singapore Police Force (“SPF”)
at the time of the accident. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Theyvasigamani s/o Periasamy’s (“Mr Mani”) affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) dated 30 May 2022 at para 19; Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated
5 January 2023 at p 6 at S/N 7.

She was 37 years old at the time of the hearing for the assessment of damages.

3 On 2 November 2016 at about 8 am, the first defendant was riding his
motorcycle bearing vehicle registration number FBC 175P along the Central
Expressway towards Ayer Rajah Expressway. Riding pillion on the first
defendant’s motorcycle was his wife, the plaintiff. At the material time, the
second defendant was travelling in front of the first defendant’s motorcycle
when the second defendant skidded and fell from his motorcycle bearing vehicle
registration number FBH 8672S. The first defendant applied his brakes abruptly
to avoid a collision but crashed into the rear of the second defendant’s
motorcycle. The impact of collision caused the plaintiff to be flung off from
the first defendant’s motorcycle and she sustained very severe injuries as a
result. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at paras 1, 4–6 and 9–10; Dr Ng Yew Poh’s
AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 42 (Specialist medical report dated 30 July 2018
by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Consultant, Department of Neurosurgery, Tan Tock
Seng Hospital (“TTSH”) National Neuroscience Institute) at p 1).

4 The plaintiff was rushed to Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”), where she was
resuscitated. She was hospitalised for more than four months, from 2 November
2016 to 11 March 2017, and had to undergo a number of medical procedures,
including the insertion of a left intracranial pressure monitor, insertion of
a right chest tube and a percutaneous tracheostomy. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 42–43 (Specialist medical
report dated 30 July 2018 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Consultant, Department of
Neurosurgery, TTSH National Neuroscience Institute) at pp 1–2).

She also had to undergo multiple treatments during her hospitalisation and
after her discharge from the hospital. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 56–57 (Specialist medical
report dated 4 November 2019 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Consultant, Department
of Neurosurgery, TTSH National Neuroscience Institute) at pp 1–2).

The plaintiff suffered a multitude of injuries as a result of the accident.
They are as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 56–57 (Specialist medical
report dated 4 November 2019 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Consultant, Department
of Neurosurgery, TTSH National Neuroscience Institute) at pp 1–2); Dr Kong
Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at pp 12–13 (Specialist medical report dated
19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He (Senior Consultant, Department of
Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH Rehabilitation Centre) at pp 1–2); Dr Lee Kuan
Ming, Llewellyn’s AEIC dated 3 August 2022 at p 8 (Ordinary medical report
dated 24 September 2019 by Dr Zhou Wenting (Senior Resident, Department of
Ophthalmology, TTSH) at p 1); Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 54
(Clarification of Specialist medical report dated 26 September 2019 by Dr
Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Consultant, Department of Neurosurgery, TTSH National
Neuroscience Institute) at p 1); Dr Gil Doy Alizer’s AEIC dated 2 August 2022
at p 8 (Medical report dated 1 October 2019 by Dr Gil Doy Alizer at p 1).

(a) severe traumatic brain injury with right hemiparesis and permanent
impairments of language and cognition, with resultant loss of functional
independence;

(b) right homonymous hemianopia (ie, loss of vision of the right visual field
in both eyes) 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) dated 15 September 2022 at p 44 at lines 25–30.

and superficial right upper eyelid laceration;

(c) right traumatic third nerve palsy with aberrant regeneration affecting the
face (ie, haphazard growth of nerves resulting in these nerves controlling
incorrect muscles), 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE dated 15 September 2022 at p 37 at lines 12–19.

and laceration of her right upper and lower lips;

(d) injury to the chest, which forms the basis for the plaintiff’s claim for
damages for 7 rib fractures at the right 1st, 4th, 5th, 9th, 10th, 11th and
12th ribs, and right pneumothorax and pleural effusion;

(e) injury to the pelvis consisting of abrasions over the right pelvic area;

(f) injury to the shoulder consisting of abrasions and a mildly displaced left
coracoid process fracture; and

(g) abrasions, lacerations and scarring.

5 As mentioned above, the plaintiff had been working as a Senior Staff
Sergeant in the SPF at the time of the accident. Prior to joining the SPF, the
plaintiff worked part-time jobs after taking the GCSE “O” Level examinations
when she was 16 years old. She worked in various food and beverage
establishments as a server. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 15 at line 19 to p 16 at line 5.

The plaintiff joined the SPF in 2003, when she was 19 years old, and was in
full-time service for 13 years until the accident. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 15 at lines 12–15.

During her employment in the SPF, the plaintiff rose through the ranks from
Corporal (2003 to 2009), to Sergeant (2009 to 2014), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 82 and 94.

to Staff Sergeant (2014 to 2016), 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 82 and 105.

and to Senior Staff Sergeant (2016 to 2019, when her service had to be
terminated). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 82 and 108.

Her performance at work was recognised with various accolades, including,
amongst others, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 85–122.

the Singapore Police Good Service Medal (2009), the Singapore Police Long
Service and Good Conduct Medal (2014), the Minister for Home Affairs’
Operational Excellence Awards (Team – 2009 (two awards)), and the Commissioner
of Police’s Commendations (Team – 2010, 2011, 2013 (two awards), 2014, 2015
and 2017). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 82.

A further example that speaks to the plaintiff’s performance is her assignment
to the Special Women Task Team for the 20th Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation
Meeting held in Singapore in 2009, and a letter of appreciation commending her
for her outstanding performance and sacrifices. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 97.

6 The plaintiff brought an action in negligence against the first and second
defendants. The third party, the driver of a vehicle involved in a separate
collision in the immediate vicinity of the accident that shortly preceded the
accident, was brought in as a party by the first defendant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at paras 7–8; First defendant’s Statement of
Claim Against the Third Party at p 5; Interlocutory judgment dated 4 February
2021 (Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at TP-7).

7 The plaintiff is suing by her litigation representative, who is her husband
and also the first defendant. I will henceforth refer to the plaintiff’s
litigation representative as “Mr Mani”. Mr Mani was appointed by order of the
Family Justice Courts under FC/ORC 1628/2019 on 3 April 2019 as the Deputy of
the property and affairs of the plaintiff, for the purpose of making enquiries
and having the powers and authority to, inter alia, represent the plaintiff,
commence legal proceedings, act on behalf of the plaintiff and give all
instructions to solicitors pertaining to all claims for damages or otherwise
that the plaintiff may have as a result of the injuries sustained by her in
the accident. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

FC/ORC 1628/2019 Order of Court dated 3 April 2019 (the plaintiff’s bundle of
documents Vol 1 (“PBD1”) at p 283).

8 Each party in this action is separately represented by counsel. The insurers
of each of the defendants and the third party have conduct of the cases of the
defendants and the third party. The second defendant indicates in his brief
closing submissions that being “a minor contributor to the Plaintiff’s
damages”, he “will follow” the submissions of the first defendant, and that
his closing submissions are intended to supplement the first defendant’s
closing submissions and “will only highlight or emphasise various points”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Second defendant’s closing submissions (“2DCS”) at para 4.

The third party indicates in his closing submissions that he “fully concur
[sic] with the [first and second defendants’] submissions”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Third party’s closing submissions (“3PCS”) at para 4.

9 Interlocutory judgment was entered by consent on 4 February 2021 in the
following terms: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Interlocutory judgment dated 4 February 2021 (Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022
at TP-7).

(a) Interlocutory judgment is entered for the plaintiff against the first and
second defendants at 100%, with damages to be assessed and interest and costs
reserved.

(b) The first defendant bears 75% liability while the second defendant bears
25% liability.

(c) By consent, with respect to the first defendant’s liability in the main
proceedings, the third party is to indemnify the first defendant to the extent
of 10% of all damages and interest payable to the plaintiff.

(d) There is to be no order as to costs in the third party proceedings.

10 The assessment of damages was fixed for hearing from 13 to 16 September
2022. The hearing could not be completed and was delayed for a number of
months due to an application taken out by the plaintiff in HC/SUM 3267/2022 on
2 September 2022, 11 days before the hearing, to obtain evidence relating to
the plaintiff’s income from the SPF. The application was dismissed by the
learned Assistant Registrar but allowed by me on appeal. In response to the
particulars provided by the SPF, the first defendant adduced expert evidence
relating to the future annual rate of return that the plaintiff’s funds would
have earned from the Homes Affairs Uniformed Services (“HUS”) Invest Fund, an
investment scheme for SPF officers (“INVEST Scheme”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Iain Potter’s (“Mr Potter”) AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at paras 4–5 and pp
5–331.

A second tranche of hearings was subsequently fixed to deal with the issue and
the cross-examination of the first defendant’s expert on his report.

Issues to be determined

11 The issues for determination are as follows:

(a) What the award of damages for pain and suffering for the plaintiff’s
injuries should be;

(b) Whether there should be an additional discount applied to awards for loss
of future earnings and other future losses that are calculated based on the
Singapore Actuarial Tables;

(c) What the award for the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings should be;

(d) What the award for the plaintiff’s loss of retirement benefits under the
INVEST Scheme should be;

(e) What the award for the plaintiff’s future miscellaneous supplies and
transport expenses should be;

(f) What the award for the plaintiff’s future caregiver expenses should be;

(g) What the award for the plaintiff’s pre-trial transport expenses should be;

(h) What the award for the plaintiff’s pre-trial medical equipment expenses
should be;

(i) What the award for the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of earnings should be;
and

(j) Whether the plaintiff is entitled to claim for the pre-trial loss of
earnings of Mr Mani, who was her caregiver, and if so, what the quantum should
be.

The decision

12 Having considered the evidence and the submissions of the parties, I award
the plaintiff damages in the sum of $3,378,231.99 as summarised at the
conclusion of this judgment at [206].

General damages

Pain and suffering

13 The plaintiff claims damages for pain and suffering in five main categories
of injuries: (a) traumatic brain injury; (b) partial loss of vision; (c)
injury to the chest; (d) injury to the shoulder; and (e) abrasions,
lacerations and scarring. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (“PCS”) at para 80.

Overall, she claims a total of $299,500 for pain and suffering. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 84.

The first defendant submits that she is only entitled to $220,000.

14 The approach for quantifying pain and suffering in a case where a claimant
has suffered multiple injuries was set out by the Court of Appeal in Lua Bee
Kiang (administrator of the estate of Chew Kong Seng, deceased) v Yeo Chee
Siong [2019] 1 SLR 145 (“Lua Bee Kiang”) at [13]–[18]. Briefly, where a
claimant has suffered multiple injuries, the court is to apply a two-stage
analysis. At the first stage, the component method is to be applied to ensure
that the loss arising from each distinct injury is accounted for and
quantified (at [13]). Reference may be made to the assessment guidelines at
this stage, but these are no more than guidelines (at [15]). At the second
stage, the global method is to be applied to ensure that the overall award is
reasonable and neither excessive nor inadequate (at [13]). This exercise seeks
to address at least two considerations: (a) to avoid overcompensation by
accounting for “overlapping” injuries (ie, injuries which either together
resulted in pain that would not have been differentially felt by the claimant
or together gave rise to only a single disability) (at [17]); and (b) to
consider relevant precedents to reach a fair estimate of loss and to ensure
that like cases are treated alike (at [18]).

15 I will begin by applying the component method to ensure that the loss
arising from each distinct injury is accounted for and quantified, before
applying the global method to ensure that the overall award is reasonable and
just (Lua Bee Kiang at [11]–[13]).

(1) Traumatic brain injury

(A) Submissions of the parties

16 Counsel for the plaintiff submits that the plaintiff has suffered very
severe brain damage. In this regard, he relies on the medical reports of the
doctors who treated the plaintiff or assessed her condition. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at paras 25–31.

He also refers to Charlene Chee et al, Guidelines for the Assessment of
General Damages in Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“the 2010
Guidelines”), which places the range for an award of damages for very severe
brain damage from $160,000 to $250,000. He submits that the plaintiff should
be entitled to an award on the “higher end of the scale” and argues that
$250,000 is not unreasonable. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at paras 32 and 35.

17 Counsel for the plaintiff further relies on the case of Muhammad Adam bin
Muhammad Lee (suing by his litigation representatives Noraini bte Tabiin and
Nurul Ashikin bte Muhammad Lee) v Tay Jia Rong Sean [2022] 4 SLR 1045
(“Muhammad Adam”), where the court awarded the sum of $185,000 for traumatic
brain injury. In that case, the plaintiff suffered multiple skull fractures
and a large extradural haemorrhage. He had to undergo a number of surgeries
and was left with a bone depression as a result of his decompressive
craniectomy surgery, as well as large scars on his head. His recovery period
was about four and a half months before he could be discharged from the
hospital, and complications arose during his recovery period (at [38]–[40]).
While he was capable of managing activities of daily living on his own,
cooking simple meals and navigating and travelling unsupervised on familiar
routes, he still required at least some degree of supervision in his daily
life (at [56]). The court found that he was not capable of living
independently and would face difficulties in mitigating risks to his own
safety if he were to live alone (at [75]).

18 In the plaintiff’s claim for $250,000 for her traumatic brain injury, she
includes in this figure her claim for injuries affecting her face and right
eye. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at para 80(b).

She also claims, separately, $15,000 under another head of injury for visual
impairment. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at paras 49 and 80(c).

Counsel for the plaintiff submits that it is “reasonable and just to conclude
that the injuries to the eye particularly [sic] right traumatic third nerve
palsy and right homonymous hemianopia were secondary to the brain injury and
therefore it should be part of the traumatic brain injury header”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at para 82.

Despite that submission, counsel for the plaintiff proceeds to argue that the
plaintiff’s partial loss of vision “was a consequence of the accident and
should not be considered as part of the Traumatic Brain Injury”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at para 83.

In other words, according to counsel for the plaintiff, although the
plaintiff’s visual impairment was a consequence of the brain injury, it should
nevertheless be considered as distinct from the traumatic brain injury.

19 Counsel for the first defendant did not make any submission specifically on
the award for traumatic brain injury in his closing submissions. He only
contends that a global award of $220,000 should be granted for pain and
suffering. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

First defendant’s closing submissions (“1DCS”) at para 18.

In his reply submissions, counsel for the first defendant submits that the
plaintiff is only entitled to an award of $200,000 for traumatic brain injury.
He concedes that the overall disabilities of the plaintiff here are more
serious than those of the plaintiff in Muhammad Adam. He argues, nevertheless,
that the plaintiff’s claim of $250,000 is excessive. As the parties agree that
the plaintiff is expected to live up to the age of 72 as opposed to the age of
86 for other females born in the same year, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1DCS at para 20; PCS at para 115.

the plaintiff will continue to feel pain, or suffer from her injuries, for a
shorter period of time. In this regard, the first defendant’s counsel argues
that there was no evidence of life-shortening in Muhammad Adam. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

First defendant’s reply submissions (“1DRS”) at para 27.

Further, the plaintiff in Muhammad Adam was 23 years old at the time of the
accident, younger than the plaintiff here, who was almost 32 years old when
she met with the accident. This means that the plaintiff here would suffer for
a shorter period of time as compared to the plaintiff in Muhammad Adam.

20 As regards the consequences of the traumatic brain injury, counsel for the
first defendant contends that there was no direct injury to the eye from the
accident, and that the partial loss of vision was secondary to the traumatic
brain injury. It should thus be subsumed under the claim for traumatic brain
injury, and no separate award of damages should be made. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1DRS at para 24.

The second defendant similarly submits that the right traumatic third nerve
palsy and right homonymous hemianopia were consequences of the traumatic brain
injury, and that the plaintiff’s partial loss of vision should therefore not
be considered as distinct or separate from the traumatic brain injury. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

2DCS at para 8.3.

(B) Medical evidence

21 According to a medical report dated 30 July 2018 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh
(Consultant, TTSH Department of Neurosurgery) (“Dr Ng”), 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 42–43.

who was called as the plaintiff’s witness, the plaintiff was comatose with a
Glasgow Coma Scale (“GCS”) of three at the scene of the accident. She had a
large left intracerebral haemorrhage with some subarachnoid haemorrhage and
was managed in the Neurosurgical Intensive Care Unit until her brain swelling
subsided.

22 Her mental impairment was evaluated to be permanent and to meet the
criteria at row three of the table for “Criteria for evaluating impairment
related to mental status” at page 73 of the Guide to Assessment of Traumatic
Injuries, which indicates that she suffered from a combination of several of
the following conditions:

Severe memory loss, only highly learned material retained; severe difficulty
with time relationships; severely impaired in solving problems, similarities
and differences; social judgement usually impairment; only simple chores
preserved; very restricted interests, poorly maintained; needs assistance in
dressing, hygiene, keeping of personal effects.

23 There were various other medical assessments made by Dr Ng. He examined the
plaintiff on 23 May 2017, and noted the following: (a) she did not respond to
her name; (b) her attention span was short; (c) her response was delayed and
inconsistent; and (d) she appeared to have significant cognitive deficit. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 35 (Medical report dated 14
November 2017 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Senior Consultant, Neurosurgery, TTSH)
at p 3).

According to a medical report dated 14 November 2017, Dr Ng recorded that the
plaintiff had dense right-sided weakness of her limbs and significant speech
difficulty. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 33–38.

No notable changes were recorded in Dr Ng’s further medical reports dated 4
November 2019 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 56–57.

and 9 December 2021. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 59.

The plaintiff was also examined by a neuropsychologist on 31 July 2017, and
the following was noted: (a) she was not oriented to time and place; (b) she
had impaired memory with difficulty in new learning; and (c) she was assisted
in her activities of daily living, namely dressing, bathing and toileting. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at pp 34–35 (Medical report dated 14
November 2017 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Senior Consultant, Neurosurgery, TTSH)
at pp 2–3).

24 Dr Kong Keng He (Senior Consultant, Department of Rehabilitation Medicine,
TTSH Rehabilitation Centre) (“Dr Kong”) also evaluated the plaintiff. Dr Kong
recorded in his medical report dated 19 July 2021 that Mr Mani had reported,
inter alia, that the plaintiff had impaired memory and short-term memory of
day-to-day events. In relation to her mobility, Dr Kong noted from his review
of the plaintiff on 14 January 2021 that she was able to walk short distances
at home with the aid of a quad stick, a right ankle-foot orthosis and one
person’s moderate assistance. Dr Kong also noted that it had been several
years post-injury and that further significant functional improvements were
therefore highly unlikely. Dr Kong concluded that the plaintiff had suffered
“a severe traumatic brain injury … with permanent impairments of right
hemiparesis, language and cognition, leading to loss of functional
independence and the need for a fulltime carer”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at pp 13–14 (Specialist medical
report dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He (Senior Consultant, Department of
Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH Rehabilitation Centre) at pp 2–3).

25 Dr Ho Kee Hang (Consultant Neurosurgeon, K H Ho Neurosurgery) (“Dr Ho”) was
called as the first defendant’s witness. He examined the plaintiff on 18
January 2022 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Dr Ho Kee Hang’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 at pp 1–11.

and noted in his medical report dated 18 February 2022 that the plaintiff
“[had] recovered enough to be able to feed independently and to understand
speech”. Dr Ho subsequently clarified under cross-examination that although he
had stated that the plaintiff had recovered enough “to understand speech”, he
had meant that her speech function was still “severely impair[ed]”, and that
her ability to express herself was more severely affected than her ability to
understand. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE dated 16 September 2022 at p 60 at lines 8–24.

Dr Ho also reported that the plaintiff still suffered severe disabilities
which were expected to be permanent, including the spasticity of her right
limbs. These disabilities rendered it “impossible for her to stand or walk
independently”. She had to wear diapers because of “urgency incontinence of
micturition”. Further, she was dependent on a fulltime caregiver for her
activities of daily living. Dr Ho noted that the cognitive disabilities of the
plaintiff, as described by Dr Kong, were consistent with her head injuries. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Dr Ho Kee Hang’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 at p 11 (Specialist medical re-
examination and report dated 18 February 2022 by Dr Ho Kee Hang (Consultant,
Neurosurgery, Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre) at p 3).

26 As for the plaintiff’s partial loss of vision, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 49.

this was addressed in a medical report provided by Dr Zhou Wenting (Senior
Resident, TTSH Department of Ophthalmology) (“Dr Zhou”) on 24 September 2019.
According to the report, at the time of the accident in November 2016, the
plaintiff was diagnosed with right traumatic third cranial nerve palsy
secondary to brain injury. Dr Zhou also documented that during a follow-up
examination on 12 April 2017, the plaintiff’s visual acuity was observed to be
6/30 in both eyes. This measurement indicates that what a person with normal
vision can see at 30 feet, the plaintiff can only perceive at six feet.
Further, right traumatic third cranial nerve palsy with aberrant regeneration
was noted to be present. The report specified that on further consultation
with a neuro-ophthalmology on 30 May 2017, the plaintiff was assessed for
right traumatic third cranial nerve palsy with aberrant regeneration. Right
homonymous hemianopia was also found during the consultation. Both the right
traumatic third nerve palsy and right homonymous hemianopia were assessed by
Dr Zhou as likely to be permanent. Dr Zhou made it clear in the report that
there was no direct injury to the plaintiff’s eye from the accident, and that
the right traumatic third nerve palsy and right homonymous hemianopia were
secondary to the traumatic brain injury. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Dr Lee Kuan Ming, Llewellyn’s AEIC dated 3 August 2022 at p 8.

(C) Analysis and findings

27 It cannot be disputed that the traumatic brain injury suffered by the
plaintiff is very severe. According to the 2010 Guidelines (at page 3), the
GCS scale is eight and below for cases of very severe brain damage. In this
case, the plaintiff was comatose with a GCS score of three at the scene of the
accident. Based on the same guidelines (at pages 3–4), the top range of the
award is applicable to cases where the injured person suffers from severe
physical limitations, has very limited ability to interact with his or her
environment meaningfully, has little or incomprehensible language function,
has urinary and faecal incontinence, and requires full-time nursing care.

28 By all accounts, the plaintiff was active and physically fit, and was a
fully-functioning and contributing member of society before the accident. But
now, she suffers from very grave functional deficits. Based on Dr Kong’s
medical report dated 19 July 2021, she could only walk short distances at home
with the aid of a quad stick, a right ankle-foot orthosis and one person’s
moderate assistance. She is not only home-bound but also effectively
wheelchair-bound. Other than her physical handicaps, she has significant
cognitive disabilities and speech difficulties. It is in evidence that the
plaintiff is only able to say one or two words. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1DCS at para 17; NE dated 13 September 2022 at p 72 at line 29 to p 73 at line
31.

Further, she has to wear diapers due to urinary and faecal incontinence, and
has to rely on a full-time caregiver for her activities of daily living. In
addition, she has to live with her partial loss of vision.

29 Counsel for the first defendant has rightly conceded that the traumatic
brain injury suffered by the plaintiff is more serious than the plaintiff in
Muhammad Adam. Indeed, I note that she had a GCS score of three at the scene
of the accident whereas the plaintiff in Muhammad Adam had a score of five (at
[12]). Critically, the functional deficits suffered by the plaintiff in
Muhammad Adam were of a different order. On appeal, the Appellate Division of
the High Court revised the award for future costs of a caregiver as the
plaintiff in that case was not only capable of managing his activities of
daily living, but was also able to “function in society without supervision,
including travelling on public transport, managing small expenditure and being
able to pen written communication” (Editorial Note to Muhammad Adam on Civil
Appeal No 137 of 2021). The award of damages for traumatic brain injury for
the plaintiff here should therefore be higher than the $185,000 granted to the
plaintiff in Muhammad Adam.

30 I note that in this case, unlike the plaintiff in Muhammad Adam, the
plaintiff did not suffer any injury to her skull, bone depression or scarring
of her head. But this must be weighed against the fact that the plaintiff here
had lost part of her vision, and that her face was affected by the right
traumatic third nerve palsy with aberrant regeneration. I agree with the first
and second defendants that these injuries should be considered as part of the
plaintiff’s traumatic brain injury because these injuries were associated
with, and consequential to, the traumatic brain injury. I therefore take into
account the plaintiff’s partial loss of vision and the effects of the
traumatic brain injury on her face in assessing the severity of her injury and
the compensation to award under the head of claim for traumatic brain injury.

31 Taking all the factors into account, including the fact that the plaintiff
has a lowered life expectancy which will reduce the compensation that she is
entitled to, I award the plaintiff $205,000 in damages for her traumatic brain
injury. This amount falls within the suggested range of damages under the
“Very severe brain damage” category in the 2010 Guidelines, and is comparable
to the award in Muhammad Adam after the severity of the plaintiff’s injury is
duly accounted for.

(2) Partial loss of vision

32 As noted at [18], the plaintiff has made a separate claim for her partial
loss of vision. Counsel for the plaintiff submits that a sum of $15,000 is
appropriate based on the 2010 Guidelines and the precedent of Ang Siam Hua v
Teo Cheng Hoe [2004] SGHC 147. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at paras 47–49.

I have already dealt with the plaintiff’s partial loss of vision and
compensated her for that under the award of damages for traumatic brain
injury. I therefore make no separate award for her partial loss of vision.

(3) Chest injury

(A) Submissions of the parties

33 The plaintiff claims $20,000 for her rib fractures and right pneumothorax
and pleural effusion. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at para 61.

On the other hand, counsel for the first defendant submits that $16,000 would
be a fair award. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1DRS at para 31.

34 Referring to the 2010 Guidelines, counsel for the plaintiff submits that
the plaintiff’s chest injuries are “minor” and include the bruises and
fractures of ribs which cause serious pain and disability over a period of
weeks, but with no lasting disabilities. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 58.

According to the 2010 Guidelines, the sum of $2,000 per rib is generally
awarded, although overlapping injuries must be taken into consideration, with
$3,000 to $4,000 added for pneumothorax or haemothorax. Counsel for the
plaintiff also refers to the cases of Lee Seow Chuan v Trans-Island Bus
Services Pte Ltd & Anor (DC Suit No 1442 of 2000) (“Lee Seow Chuan”) and
Jagadesan Mukayah Pandaram v Wei Zuo Quan Tommy (DC Suit No 2257 of 2015)
(“Jagadesan”). In Lee Seow Chuan, the plaintiff suffered six left rib
fractures with pneumothorax and was awarded $20,000 for his chest injuries. In
Jagadesan, the plaintiff suffered fractures of his second to ninth ribs (eight
ribs) with small pneumothorax and small pleural effusion, and was awarded
$20,000 for his chest injuries. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at paras 59–60.

35 Counsel for the first defendant relies on the case of Cheong Kok Leong v
Teo Yam Hock (DC Suit No 3790 of 1997), where the plaintiff sustained
fractures of five ribs with pneumothorax and was awarded $12,000 for those
injuries. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1DRS at para 29.

Counsel for the first defendant also relies on the case of Tan Kim Lee v Mohd
Yusof bin Hussain & Anor (DC Suit No 3084 of 2000), where the plaintiff
received an award of $15,000 for the fractures of his fifth to ninth ribs
(also five ribs) with right haemo-pneumothorax. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1DRS at para 30.

(B) Medical evidence

36 According to Dr Ng’s medical reports dated 30 July 2018, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 42.

26 September 2019 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 54.

and 4 November 2019, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 56.

the plaintiff suffered seven right rib fractures with small right pneumothorax
and pleural effusion. Dr Ng recorded in the report dated 26 September 2019
that a right chest tube was inserted, and that no specific surgery was
performed for her rib fractures. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 54.

(C) Analysis and findings

37 I am of the view that the injuries in the precedents submitted by counsel
for the plaintiff involving fractures of six ribs and eight ribs more closely
proximate the plaintiff’s chest injury, as compared to those in the precedents
submitted by counsel for the first defendant involving fractures of five ribs.
After considering the parties’ submissions and taking into account the factor
of overlap, I award damages in the amount of $18,000 for the plaintiff’s chest
injury.

(4) Shoulder fracture

38 The plaintiff suffered a mildly displaced left coracoid process fracture of
the left scapula. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at pp 12 and 42 (Specialist medical
report dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He (Senior Consultant, Department of
Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH Rehabilitation Centre) at p 1); Dr Ho Kee Hang’s
AEIC dated 21 July 2022 at p 10 (Specialist medical re-examination and report
dated 18 February 2022 by Dr Ho Kee Hang (Consultant, Neurosurgery, Mount
Elizabeth Medical Centre) at p 2).

According to the 2010 Guidelines, the range of awards for “moderate” shoulder
injuries is $2,000 to $10,000. This item is not in dispute. The parties submit
that damages in the sum of $5,000 should be awarded. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at para 67; 1DRS at para 35.

I allow the plaintiff’s claim for shoulder fracture and award $5,000 for the
same.

(5) Abrasions, lacerations, and scarring

(A) Submissions of the parties

39 The plaintiff claims the sum of $9,500 for the abrasions, lacerations and
scarring that she suffered. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS at para 76.

Counsel for the first defendant submits, however, that only $6,000 should be
awarded. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1DRS at para 39.

40 Counsel for the plaintiff submits that according to the 2010 Guidelines,
the range of awards is $2,500 to $5,000 for face lacerations; $5,000 to
$15,000 for multiple scars; $1,500 to $3,000 for lacerations; and $500 to
$3,000 for multiple abrasions. Counsel for the plaintiff relies on Asmah binte
Mohamed Salleh Patail v Seah Boon San [2019] SGDC 185 (“Asmah binte Mohamed
Salleh Patail”) 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS at para 74.

and Zulkifli Bin Azali v Anzarwawi Bin Azman (DC Suit No 3813 of 2015)
(“Zulkifli Bin Azali”). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at para 75.

In Asmah binte Mohamed Salleh Patail, the plaintiff suffered lacerations on
her upper and lower lips, with no evidence of scarring, and the court awarded
her $4,500. In Zulkifli Bin Azali, the plaintiff suffered two superficial
abrasions and five scars, and the court awarded him or her $1,500 and $6,000
respectively.

41 Counsel for the first defendant relies on Chin Swey Min (a patient suing by
his wife and next friend Lim Siew Lee) v Nor Nizar bin Mohamed [2004] SGHC 27
(“Chin Swey Min”) 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1DRS at para 37.

and Ting Heng Mee v Sin Sheng Fresh Fruit Pte Ltd [2004] SGHC 43 (“Ting Heng
Mee”). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1DRS at para 38.

In Chin Swey Min, the plaintiff was a 38-year-old supervisor at the time of
his accident. He suffered deep neck lacerations and abrasions, with scarring
on his face, chest, thigh, ankle and elbow. The court awarded $8,000 in total.
In Ting Heng Mee, the plaintiff sustained multiple abrasions and/or
lacerations of the left shoulder, right neck, right knee, right leg, left
eyebrow, and dorsum of right foot and left forearm, with scars ranging from
3cm to 12cm. He was awarded $7,000 in damages for the abrasions and
lacerations.

(B) Medical evidence

42 Based on the medical reports, the following are the sites of the
plaintiff’s abrasions, lacerations and scarring:

(a) superficial laceration of right upper eyelid measuring about 1cm without
any active bleeding; 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Dr Lee Kuan Ming, Llewellyn’s AEIC dated 3 August 2022 at p 8 (Medical report
dated 24 September 2019 by Dr Zhou Wenting (Senior Resident, Department of
Ophthalmology, TTSH) at p 1).

(b) laceration of right upper lip; 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 42 (Specialist medical report
dated 30 July 2018 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Senior Consultant, Department of
Neurosurgery, TTSH) at p 1); Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 56
(Specialist medical report dated 4 November 2019 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh
(Senior Consultant, Department of Neurosurgery, TTSH) at p 1); Dr Ho Kee
Hang’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 at p 10 (Specialist medical re-examination and
report dated 18 February 2022 by Dr Ho Kee Hang (Consultant, Neurosurgery,
Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre) at p 2).

(c) laceration measuring 3cm over right lower lip; 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Dr Gil Doy Alizer’s AEIC dated 2 August 2022 at p 8 (Medical report dated 1
October 2019 by Dr Gil Doy Alizer at p 1); Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July
2022 at p 12 (Specialist medical report dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He
(Senior Consultant, Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH) at p 1).

(d) abrasions over the right pelvis; 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Dr Gil Doy Alizer’s AEIC dated 2 August 2022 at p 8 (Medical report dated 1
October 2019 by Dr Gil Doy Alizer at p 1); Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July
2022 at p 12 (Specialist medical report dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He
(Senior Consultant, Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH) at p 1).

(e) abrasions over the right and left shoulders; 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 42 (Specialist medical report
dated 30 July 2018 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (Senior Consultant, Department of
Neurosurgery, TTSH) at p 1); Dr Ng Yew Poh’s AEIC dated 5 August 2022 at p 56
(Specialist medical report dated 4 November 2019 by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh
(Senior Consultant, Department of Neurosurgery, TTSH) at p 1); Dr Gil Doy
Alizer’s AEIC dated 2 August 2022 at p 8 (Medical report dated 1 October 2019
by Dr Gil Doy Alizer at p 1); Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at p 12
(Specialist medical report dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He (Senior
Consultant, Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH) at p 1); Dr Ho Kee
Hang’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 at p 10 (Specialist medical re-examination and
report dated 18 February 2022 by Dr Ho Kee Hang (Consultant, Neurosurgery,
Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre) at p 2).

and

(f) scarring from her right upper lip laceration and right shoulder abrasions.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Dr Ho Kee Hang’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 at p 10 (Specialist medical re-
examination and report dated 18 February 2022 by Dr Ho Kee Hang (Consultant,
Neurosurgery, Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre) at p 2).

(C) Analysis and findings

43 I am of the view that an award of $8,000 is appropriate to compensate for
the abrasions, lacerations and scarring sustained by the plaintiff. I award
$1,000 for the abrasions to the right pelvis and right and left shoulders;
$4,500 for the lacerations of the upper and lower lips and superficial
lacerations of the right upper eye lid, considering, in particular, the more
substantial 3cm laceration of the right lower lip; and $2,500 for the scarring
to the right upper lip and right shoulder. In making these awards, I have
accounted for some overlap in relation to the scarring that formed on the same
sites as the abrasions to the right shoulder and laceration of the right upper
lip.

44 In sum, under the component method, the total award to the plaintiff is
$236,000, comprising the following:

Injury| Award  
---|---  
Traumatic brain injury| $205,000  
Partial loss of vision| Considered under the claim for traumatic brain injury.  
Chest injury| $18,000  
Shoulder fracture | $5,000 as agreed by the parties.  
Abrasions, lacerations, and scarring| $8,000  
Total| $236,000  
  
(6) The global award

45 I now turn to the second stage of the analysis to assess if the global
award is reasonable and just. There are two key considerations: (a) first,
whether there are overlapping injuries which have to be accounted for to avoid
an excessive award; and (b) second, when compared with the relevant
precedents, whether the award is a fair estimate of loss, and like cases are
treated alike (Lua Bee Kiang at [17]–[18]).

46 With respect to the first consideration in Lua Bee Kiang, none of the
parties submit that any of the injuries are overlapping. As for the second
consideration in Lua Bee Kiang, counsel for the plaintiff submits that the
plaintiff suffered not only traumatic brain injury but also injuries to
different parts of her body, and that every injury should be taken into
account in assessing fair compensation as long as there is no overlap in the
injuries suffered. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions (“PRS”) at para 15.

Based on the submissions made by counsel for the first defendant, the total
amount for pain and suffering using the component approach is $227,000. He
refers, however, to four precedents to argue that the amount should be
moderated downwards to a global award of $220,000. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1DCS at paras 12–18; 1DRS at para 40.

47 The first case that counsel for the first defendant relies on is Toon Chee
Meng Eddie v Yeap Chin Hon [1993] 1 SLR(R) 407 (“Toon Chee Meng Eddie”). The
plaintiff there was seven and a half years old at the time of the accident. He
sustained a 5cm diameter haematoma in the left parieto-occipital region of the
skull with surrounding abrasion, fracture of the parieto-temporal bone and
fracture of the left skull resulting in contusion on the brain, poor blood
circulation and swelling of the brain. He was left with the same intellectual
ability of a six-month to one-year-old child. He also had paralysis on the
right side and shrinkage of the muscle of the right ankle due to disuse of the
leg. He was unable to walk or stand and was wheelchair-bound. He could not
speak but was able to make incomprehensible sounds to attract attention (at
[5]–[16]). The plaintiff there was awarded $160,000 globally by the court (at
[28]).

48 The second case that counsel for the first defendant relies on is Yin Xiao
Lian v Ang Hoo Kim (Suit No 758 of 2002) (4 July 2003) (High Court)
(unreported) (“Yin Xiao Lian”). Based on Lua Bee Kiang at [43], the plaintiff
in Yin Xiao Lian was 36 years old when he was involved in an accident. The
accident caused severe brain trauma and fractures to his right humerus, right
radius, right ulna, right tibia and transverse process of the first thoracic
vertebra. He underwent surgery which in turn left scars on his neck, right
arm, right leg, left iliac crest and right lower abdomen. The plaintiff lost
interest in sex, suffered incontinence periodically and developed slurred
speech and slight incoordination on the right side. The plaintiff also became
mentally unsound. He was unable to handle his own affairs and had to depend on
others for essential daily tasks. The court there awarded a total of $151,500
for pain and suffering.

49 The third case that counsel for the first defendant relies on is Ramesh s/o
Ayakanno (suing by the committee of the person and the estate, Ramiah
Naragatha Vally) v Chua Gim Hock [2008] SGHC 33 (“Ramesh s/o Ayakanno”). The
plaintiff there was a 26-year-old lorry driver when he was injured in an
accident. He sustained severe injuries to both sides of the brain, bilateral
cord palsy, deranged liver functions and sepsis, left iliac bone fracture,
disc protrusions at different levels of the dorsal spine causing cord
compression, and contractures of the lower limb. As a result of his injuries,
he was declared mentally disabled. He was unable to move or talk and required
life-long medication for epileptic seizures (at [5]). The assessment of
damages was made on the basis that the plaintiff would likely succumb to his
injuries in ten years. The court awarded $185,000 for pain, suffering and loss
of amenities (at [9]).

50 The fourth and final case that counsel for the first defendant relies on is
AOD, a minor suing by the litigation representative v AOE [2014] SGHCR 21
(“AOD”). In AOD, the plaintiff was nine years old at the time of the accident.
He suffered several haemorrhagic contusions with acute subarachnoid
haemorrhage and subdural bleeding. He also had cerebral edema, early
hydrocephalus, multiple pulmonary contusions with small pneumothoraxes and
abrasions over his left forehead and temple (at [12]). The injuries caused
life-shortening and he had a remaining life expectancy of 27 years (at [18]).
He was left a quadriplegic requiring constant care (at [17]). He had the motor
skills of a six-month-old and the sensory, thinking and language skills of a
12-month-old baby (at [18]). An Assistant Registrar of the High Court awarded
$190,000 globally for pain and suffering, which was not challenged on appeal
(at [27]).

51 I first make the observation that Toon Chee Meng Eddie was decided 30 years
ago, Yin Xiao Lian was decided 20 years ago and Ramesh s/o Ayakanno was
decided 15 years ago. The awards in those cases would have to be significantly
uplifted to take into account the decrease in the value of money over the
decades.

52 The case of AOD is more recent than the other three. The plaintiff’s
situation in that case was, however, different from the plaintiff in the
present case. I note, in particular, that the Assistant Registrar specifically
took into account the fact that the plaintiff possessed limited awareness of
his plight (at [26]–[27]) in awarding $190,000 for pain and suffering. In that
case, the plaintiff was assessed to have the sensory, thinking and language
skills of a 12-month-old baby and would have limited appreciation of his
condition (at [18] and [25]). His condition was similar to that of the
plaintiff in Toon Chee Meng Eddie, who had the intellectual abilities of a
six-month to one-year-old child. The plaintiff’s situation in Toon Chee Meng
was therefore also distinguishable from the plaintiff here. There is no
evidence here that the plaintiff’s awareness of her condition is at the same
rudimentary level. The award here would therefore be higher than the awards in
AOD and Toon Chee Meng Eddie, given that she will have to endure her condition
at a higher level of consciousness. Further, the plaintiff in AOD had a
shorter life expectancy of 27 years, which is eight years less than the
plaintiff’s life expectancy of 35 years. In this regard, the plaintiff in
Ramesh s/o Ayakanno had an even shorter life expectancy as he was expected to
live for only another ten years from the date of the assessment. As the length
of time that the plaintiff here will continue to feel pain or suffer from the
injuries is longer, she would be entitled to more damages than the plaintiffs
in AOD and Ramesh s/o Ayakanno. As for the case of Yin Xiao Lian, it offers
little assistance as the details of that case are not available.

53 In my view, Muhammad Adam, which is a recent decision that the plaintiff
relies on, and which has been discussed at [17], [19] and [29]–[31] above in
considering the damages for the plaintiff’s traumatic brain injury, is a more
useful precedent. In that case, the court awarded $185,000 for the plaintiff’s
traumatic brain injury, and a total of $216,000 for pain and suffering for the
plaintiff’s traumatic brain injury, lung injuries, lower limb injuries,
urinary tract infection, as well as bruises and lacerations. While the
plaintiff in Muhammad Adam and the plaintiff in the present case both suffered
widespread and largely permanent injuries, the plaintiff in the present case
suffered more severe brain damage, as explained at [29] above. It follows that
the award in the present case would be higher than that in Muhammad Adam.

54 The case of Tan Juay Mui (by his next friend Chew Chwee Kim) v Sher Kuan
Hock and another (Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd, co-defendant; Liberty Insurance
Pte Ltd and another, third parties) [2012] 3 SLR 496 (“Tan Juay Mui”) has
several similarities to the present case. As with the plaintiff in this case,
the plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui suffered injury to her brain with no skull
fractures (at [9]), and had to live with paralysis to one side of her body, as
well as impaired vision (at [10]–[11]). But, as submitted by counsel for the
plaintiff, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions at paras 11 and 18(c).

the plaintiff’s brain injury in the present case is more severe. In Tan Juay
Mui, approximately 4 years after the accident, the plaintiff in that case
could ambulate with minimal assistance, take her food herself and attend to
her toilet needs (at [16]–[20]). Unfortunately, the plaintiff in this case did
not make much recovery. She remains unable to stand or walk independently and
is dependent on a fulltime caregiver. However, the plaintiff here did not
suffer complications like the plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui, who had to have her
limb amputated (at [16]), and in addition, developed diabetes (at [49]).

55 The plaintiff in Tan Juay Mui was granted an award of $250,000 for pain and
suffering. The learned Assistant Registrar awarded her $230,000, comprising
$170,000 for her head injuries and $60,000 for her leg injury which led to the
amputation of a limb. This award was upheld on appeal (at [36] and [52]–[54]).
An additional $20,000 was awarded on appeal for pain and suffering and loss of
amenities arising from the plaintiff’s diabetes (at [51]–[52]). Although the
plaintiff here did not develop diabetes or undergo limb amputation, her
situation is not far better given the severity of her mental incapacity and
physical disabilities.

56 In my judgment, an award of $236,000 in damages for the plaintiff’s pain
and suffering is not inconsistent with the precedents after the similarities
and differences in the cases are accounted for. There is therefore no need for
any moderation or adjustment to be made, and I grant the award accordingly. I
turn now to consider the issues relating to the plaintiff’s claim for future
losses.

Whether there should be an additional discount applied to awards for loss of
future earnings and other future losses that are calculated based on the
Singapore Actuarial Tables

(1) The parties’ submissions

57 In closing submissions, counsel for the first defendant contends that an
additional discount of 15% should be applied to all awards for future losses
that are computed based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1DCS at paras 23 and 26(c).

such as loss of future earnings and future expenses like those for hiring a
trained carer. The gist of the first defendant counsel’s arguments is as
follows:

(a) Fundamentally, both the “old judicial multipliers method”, where the court
considers precedents when deciding on the applicable multiplier, and the use
of the Singapore Actuarial Tables to determine the appropriate multiplier,
concern judicial computation of future loss. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1DCS at para 52.

(b) The courts have long recognised the need to account for vicissitudes other
than mortality (“Other Vicissitudes”) when determining the applicable
multiplier.

(c) Justice Quentin Loh (as he then was) noted in the Preface of the Singapore
Actuarial Tables (“Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables”) (at pp viii–ix) that
the Singapore Actuarial Tables only factored in accelerated receipt and
mortality risk. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1DCS at para 30. See also Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p v, where it
is stated that “[besides] the consideration of projected mortality, the other
critical factor is the applicable discount rate factor to account for
accelerated receipt of the lump sum compensation to be awarded”.

Unlike the United Kingdom Government Actuary’s Department, Actuarial Tables:
With Explanatory Notes for Use in Personal Injury and Fatal Accident Cases
(“Ogden Tables”) 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

The edition referred to was the eighth edition published at the time the
Singapore Actuarial Tables were published in 2021.

, the Singapore Actuarial Tables do not factor in Other Vicissitudes due to “a
lack of granular longitudinal data in Singapore”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

1DCS at para 33.

He further noted that there “may be other contingencies or vicissitudes that
may cause the court in any particular case to make such adjustments to the
multipliers as it deems just and fair” when using the Singapore Actuarial
Tables. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

1DCS at para 34.

(d) With respect to loss of future income and investment losses, compensation
without applying an additional discount is “effectively based on a model that
as a certainty, [the plaintiff] would not have encountered obstacles in her
career and her life, or that as a certainty, she would not make life choices
that depart from the singular path of staying on the police force until the
maximum retirement age”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1DCS at para 36.

(e) With respect to future medical and caregiver costs, the court should
consider the possibility that the plaintiff would face another accident which
may necessitate such future care, or fall ill from common medical conditions
such as cancer, dementia, diabetes and stroke, which would necessitate future
care. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1DCS at para 37.

(f) Drawing this court’s attention to Lua Bee Kiang, counsel for the first
defendant submits that, when assessing future losses such as loss of future
earnings and costs of future nursing care, the standard of proof applied by
the Court of Appeal at [73] is that based on “the reasonable possibility of a
future event, which would then enable the court to grant a remedy that is
proportionate to the degree of that possibility”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

1DCS at paras 47–49.

In that case, the risk of the plaintiff developing dementia was increased from
2% to 5–10% due to the accident, and it was also found that if the plaintiff
developed dementia, it would be highly likely that he would require full-time
nursing care (at [76]). Accordingly, a 40% discount was applied by the Court
of Appeal to the award for costs of future nursing care to account “for the
chance that he may not develop dementia and for the chance that a reason
unconnected to the injuries caused by the defendant’s negligence may
contribute in some way to his possible future need for full-time care” (at
[80]). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1DCS at paras 76–77.

In this regard, the Court of Appeal noted at [72] that “the court should not
be fixated on discerning a precise percentage by which the award should be
discounted, because the exercise is inherently imprecise”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1DCS at para 74.

(g) Counsel for the first defendant emphasises that a discount was applied by
the Court of Appeal to an award for costs of future nursing care in Lua Bee
Kiang, while reiterating Justice Loh’s statement in the Preface of the
Singapore Actuarial Tables (see above at [(c)]) that “clearly [envisages] an
adjustment of [awards] for Other Vicissitudes”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1DCS at para 62.

As Singapore does not yet have enough granular longitudinal data like in the
UK, the first defendant urges this court to “apply its judicial wisdom to rule
on a fair estimate” of the percentage of the additional discount which should
be applied. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1DCS at para 74.

The first defendant contends that “the quantification of the additional
adjustment for Other Vicissitudes should be based on this Honourable Court
using its judicial wisdom to apply a broad percentage discounter to the
product figure derived from the Singapore Actuarial Tables”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1DCS at para 45.

(h) Given that there should be a discount for Other Vicissitudes and the
requirement is only to make an estimate of the reasonable possibility of
future events rather than to discern a precise percentage discount, and
relying on cases from foreign jurisdictions, counsel for the first defendant
submits that an additional 15% discount should be applied to all awards for
future losses calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1DCS at para 75.

According to counsel for the first defendant, “[following the] authorities
from other jurisdictions, a 15% discounter is a fair, perhaps even
conservative, quantification of these reasonable possibilities”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1DCS at para 78.

(i) In support of the contention that an additional 15% discount should be
applied, counsel for the first defendant refers to ss 13 and 14 of the New
South Wales Civil Liability Act 2002 (“the NSW Act”). Under s 13, a plaintiff
is to establish assumptions about future earning capacity or other events on
which an award is to be based according with the claimant’s most likely future
circumstances but for the injury. Under s 14, a court is to discount for the
possibility that those circumstances might not eventuate by applying a
prescribed discount rate. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1DCS at paras 54–58.

Counsel for the first defendant relies on several New South Wales authorities
that were decided based on the relevant provisions of the NSW Act to show that
15% is the “conventional adjustment discounter” for Other Vicissitudes, unless
departed from on the basis of specific evidence. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1DCS at para 69.

In addition, counsel for the first defendant cites authorities from Ireland to
show that the “normal range” of deductions for future loss of earnings claims
is between 15% to 25%. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

1DCS at paras 70–72\.

(j) Counsel for the first defendant further points to Hong Kong authorities,
namely Chan Pak Ting v Chan Chi Kuen and another (No. 1) [2013] 2 HKC 182 and
Yeung Lai Ping v Secretary for Justice [2019] HKFCI 881, to argue that the
position in Hong Kong is similar to that in Singapore, and that the Hong Kong
courts accept that an additional discount should be applied when applying the
actuarial tables (although the exact value of the discount is still an open
question). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1DRS at paras 15–17.

58 In reply submissions, the plaintiff’s counsel argues that a discount for
Other Vicissitudes should not apply to the present case for the following
reasons: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PRS at para 33.

(a) Relying on Dr Ho’s medical report dated 31 August 2022, which states that
the plaintiff’s life expectancy was likely to be reduced by 14 years,
partially on account of the severity of the plaintiff’s impairment in
functional walking and feeding skills, it is submitted that the plaintiff is
likely to be living a sedentary lifestyle at home. Her movements outside of
her home would be restricted and monitored by either Mr Mani or a caregiver at
any time. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PRS at paras 34–35\.

Further, Dr Ho noted in his report that Mr Mani had been taking good care of
the plaintiff, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Dr Ho Kee Hang's Supplementary AEIC dated 31 August 2022 at p 4.

which should negate the circumstances that would arise from Other
Vicissitudes. In other words, the reasonable possibility of such vicissitudes
occurring would be significantly lower for the plaintiff and the application
of a further discount of 15% would result “in an overlap or even double
reduction to the multiplier”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PRS at para 36.

(b) It is evident from the Ogden Tables that the determination of the discount
involves multiple factors. Owing to its complexity, expert evidence would be
required to assist the courts. In this regard, counsel for the first defendant
did not lead any evidence to show that a discount rate should be applied and
what the discount rate should be. Given the degree of complexity in such an
exercise, the court should not simply apply an arbitrary figure. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PRS at para 37.

(c) Counsel for the plaintiff highlights the caution sounded by the Court of
Appeal in Quek Yen Fei Kenneth (by his litigation representative Pang Choy
Chun) v Yeo Chye Huat and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 229 (“Kenneth Quek”)
that “radical and sweeping revisions of the discount rate on account of
accelerated receipt lie within the province of Parliament and not the courts”
even if a court could adopt a lower or higher discount rate where appropriate
on the facts of a particular case (at [59]). He submits, therefore, that it
should be for Parliament to legislate any radical and sweeping revisions of
the discount rate, and further, that expert, financial or actuarial evidence
ought to be in place for a fair assessment of what the additional discount
rate should be. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PRS at para 40.

(2) Analysis and findings

(A) The development of the Singapore actuarial tables

59 The objective of an award of damages for future losses is to place a sum of
money in the plaintiff’s hands for him to draw down upon at periodic intervals
over the expected duration of his loss. The sum is reduced to zero at the end
of period, after taking into account the vicissitudes of life and the time
value of money (Muhammad Adam at [124], referring to Kenneth Quek at [43]–[44]
and [58]).

60 An award for future losses, such as loss of future earnings or future
medical expense, is assessed using the multiplier-multiplicand approach. The
Court of Appeal reviewed the multiplier-multiplicand approach in Kenneth Quek
and explained its application as follows (at [42]–[43]):

42 … The multiplicand represents the quantum of loss, whether in terms of an
incurrence of medical expenses (for [future medical expenses]) or a reduction
of earnings (for [loss of future earnings]), that the claimant is expected to
suffer at periodic intervals in the future. The multiplier, in turn, is the
mathematical tool used to calculate the lump-sum present value of the stream
of future periodic losses across the remaining life expectancy and the
remaining working life (collectively, “period of future loss”) of the
claimant.

43 Three factual premises undergird the multiplier (see Kemp & Kemp: The
Quantum of Damages (William Norris QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed,
2009, Release 137 (October 2015)) (“Kemp & Kemp”) at paras 10-009.1–10-009.2):

(a) first, the length of the expected period of future loss, from the date of
the assessment of damages to the date of either death (for a lifetime
multiplier) or retirement (for an earnings multiplier);

(b) second, the receipt of compensation for the future losses by the claimant
as an immediate lump sum, which can almost invariably be invested at a rate
over and above that of inflation to make a profit, and the probability that
mortality risks (and other vicissitudes of life) would curtail his expected
period of future loss; and

(c) third, the continual drawing-down and spending of the invested lump sum,
such that by the end of the expected period of future loss the claimant will
have nothing left.

[emphasis in original]

61 It was observed by the Court of Appeal that the multipliers awarded in
Singapore were based on the assumption that the lump-sum award could be
invested to achieve real rates of return of between 4% and 5% per annum, and
that the prevailing rates of return on fixed deposits were below 4% per annum
for an extended period of time (Kenneth Quek at [55], referring to Lai Wai
Keong Eugene v Loo Wei Yen [2014] 3 SLR 702 (“Eugene Lai”) at [28] and
[32]–[38]). The Court of Appeal noted that although there was scope for reform
in the law, the courts were not in a position to undertake that reform, and
opined that “[any] drastic change to the discount rate for accelerated receipt
could only be undertaken after a careful study, with input from experts and
the various stakeholders involved. This was a matter that fell within the
institutional competence of the Legislature” (Kenneth Quek at [55(c)]).

62 In the light of the unsatisfactory state of the law, the Committee to
Review the Law on Damages for Personal Injury and Death (“the Personal Injury
Damages Committee”) was set up in June 2014 to undertake a comprehensive
review of the compensation regime for victims of personal injury or dependents
in the case of death, and to consider reforms in related areas (see Preface,
Singapore Actuarial Tables at p iii). One of the main areas of focus was the
multiplier-multiplicand approach. The Personal Injury Damages Committee found
that concerns over its application were valid and was of the view that the
courts should no longer be constrained by comparable precedents, which were
based on the assumption of achieving a rate of return of 4.5% per annum (see
Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p iii).

63 The Personal Injury Damages Committee published its report on 2 March 2018
and recommended the development of actuarial tables to assist the courts in
the assessment of damages. In this regard, it recommended the constitution of
another committee under the auspices of the Supreme Court of Singapore and the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) to look into three key areas (see
Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p iv):

(a) the development of actuarial tables based on life expectancy to derive the
basic multiplier for determination of future losses in personal injury and
death claims (akin to the UK Ogden Tables);

(b) the determination of an appropriate discount rate or rates for accelerated
receipt of lump sum compensation; and

(c) the development of methodology to consider other possible adjustment
factors (besides life expectancy) to adjust the basic multiplier for other
vicissitudes of life besides mortality.

64 The first edition of the Ogden Tables that the Personal Injury Damages
Committee referred to was published in 1984, comprising only six tables:
multipliers for pecuniary loss for life (males), multipliers for pecuniary
loss for life (females), multipliers for loss of earnings to pension age 65
(males), multipliers for loss of earnings to pension age 60 (females),
multipliers for loss of pension commencing age 65 (males) and multipliers for
loss of pension commencing age 60 (females). These tables have developed over
the years as more granular census data has become available (see Preface,
Singapore Actuarial Tables at p v). Currently in its eighth edition (updated
as of August 2022), the number of tables has increased to 36, and reduction
factors to be applied to baseline multipliers that only factored in mortality
have been included, so that adjustments may be made to account for Other
Vicissitudes (see the Explanatory Notes accompanying the Ogden Tables (8th
edition, updated as of August 2022) (“Explanatory Notes, Ogden Tables”) in
Section B at paras 59, 60, 64 and 66). The reduction factors are found in
Tables A to D of the Ogden Tables (see Ogden Tables (8th edition, updated as
of August 2022) at pp 30–31) and are calculated with reference to: (a) gender;
(b) age band; (c) education level; (d) whether the individual was disabled at
the time of the accident; and (e) whether the individual was employed at the
time of the accident. They are used to discount loss of earnings and pension
loss multipliers for risks other than mortality (see Explanatory Notes, Ogden
Tables in Section B at para 60).

65 Arising from the key recommendations of the Personal Injury Damages
Committee, the Personal Injury (Claims Assessment) Review Committee (“PIRC”)
was formed. It was chaired by Mrs Hauw Soo Hoon, former Executive Director of
the Insurance Supervision Department of the MAS, and comprised representatives
from the MAS, as well as practitioners from the Singapore Actuarial Society,
the General Insurance Association, the Life Insurance Association and the Law
Society of Singapore, an independent actuarial consultant, and officers from
the Supreme Court and State Courts (see Annex II of the Singapore Actuarial
Tables). The PIRC published its report (“PIRC Report”) on 29 May 2020.
Following the acceptance of the PIRC Report by the Chief Justice on 8 July
2020, the Singapore Actuarial Tables were published in March 2021.

66 The Singapore Actuarial Tables serve as a proxy for calculating direct
discount rates and multipliers. They are based on the 2019 preliminary
population data produced by the Singapore Department of Statistics covering
Singapore residents. The Singapore Actuarial Tables are based on a “yield
curve that represents expected investment returns for investments of different
periods of time” (see Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p v). This is an
improvement over an approach that is based on a single rate of return, which
does not reflect the fact that interest rates vary depending on the terms of
the investment. Three key factors are built into the Singapore Actuarial
Tables. First, an investment expense assumption is built into the rates of
return on the yield curve, which is based on a mix of investments with
different risk levels considered in the yield curve portfolio (see Preface,
Singapore Actuarial Tables at p viii). Second, a 2% rate of inflation is built
into the actuarial tables (see Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p viii).
Third, a mortality improvement of 2.6% per annum for both genders is built
into the tables (see Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p viii). Unlike
the Ogden Tables (8th edition, updated as of August 2022), the Singapore
Actuarial Tables do not provide for rates of discount to be applied to reduce
the multipliers to account for Other Vicissitudes (see Preface, Singapore
Actuarial Tables at p ix). In other words, there are no tables equivalent to
Tables A to D in the Ogden Tables (8th edition, updated as of August 2022).

67 Paragraph 159(1) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2013 (“SCPD”)
provides that in all proceedings for the assessment of damages in personal
injury and death claims that are heard on or after 1 April 2021, the court
will refer to the Singapore Actuarial Tables to determine an appropriate
multiplier, unless the facts of the case and the ends of justice dictate
otherwise. Paragraph 159(2) of the SCPD states that the Singapore Actuarial
Tables will serve as a guide, and that the selection of the appropriate
multipliers and the amount of damages awarded remain at the discretion of the
court. The court may depart from the multipliers in the Singapore Actuarial
Tables “[where] appropriate on the facts and circumstances of the case”. The
use of the Singapore Actuarial Tables obviates the need to calculate discount
rates and multipliers because calculations have already been undertaken by
experts when formulating the tables. An appropriate pre-determined figure may
therefore be selected as the multiplier and applied when assessing damages
(Muhammad Adam at [135], citing Kenneth Quek at [62]) on the use of actuarial
tables.

(B) Discounting awards calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables

68 It is the common ground of the parties that the Singapore Actuarial Tables
apply in the assessment of the plaintiff’s claims for future losses. However,
counsel for the plaintiff does not agree with counsel for the first defendant
that an additional discount of 15% should be applied across the board to all
awards for future losses calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

69 In my judgment, counsel for the first defendant has not provided any
principled basis for an additional discount of 15% to be applied. I therefore
decline to apply an additional 15% discount to any of the awards for future
losses in this case. I will, however, make an appropriate adjustment to the
multiplier to be applied when calculating future loss of earnings. This is to
account for Other Vicissitudes that might have interrupted or shortened the
period of time that the plaintiff would have spent in employment, by selecting
a multiplier for loss of future earnings that reflects the possibility of such
interruptions and shortenings based on the specific facts and circumstances of
this case. I elaborate.

70 It is clear from the authorities that a discount for Other Vicissitudes may
be applied in the assessment of damages for personal injuries. In Lai Wee Lian
v Singapore Bus Service (1978) Ltd [1983–1984] SLR(R) 388 (“Lai Wee Lian”), an
appeal against an award for loss of future earnings, the Privy Council held
that a discount should be applied to account for accelerated receipt as well
as the “inevitable contingencies and uncertainties of human life and working
capacity” (at [20]). More recently, in Kenneth Quek, the Court of Appeal noted
at [57] as follows:

There are two primary reasons why a stream of future losses is to be
discounted on account of its immediate payment as a lump-sum award of damages,
viz: (a) accelerated receipt; and (b) contingencies including mortality and
the effect of other personal and structural considerations on the remaining
life expectancy (for lifelong [future medical expenses]) and remaining working
life (for [loss of future earnings]/[loss of earning capacity].

71 The Court of Appeal in Kenneth Quek further endorsed at [58] its
observations in Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd and others v Hafizul Islam Kofil
Uddin [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“Hafizul”) regarding the methodology by which
contingencies such as mortality and other vicissitudes of life may be
accounted for in the calculation of a multiplier. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal held that adjustments could be made on account of, inter alia, personal
attributes of the claimant such as gender, educational attainment, employment
status and pre-existing illnesses or disabilities, as well as the structural
features of the claimant’s industry and the wider economy (at [51], referring
to Hafizul at [54]–[56]).

72 In my view, the principle that a discount for Other Vicissitudes may be
applied in the assessment of damages remains unchanged with the use of the
Singapore Actuarial Tables. In relation to contingencies and vicissitudes that
affect a claimant in a particular case, the court has, in using the Singapore
Actuarial Tables as an aid, a discretion to select a different multiplier to
account for those contingencies and vicissitudes with the specific facts and
circumstances of the case in mind. As Justice Quentin Loh observed in the
Preface of the Singapore Actuarial Tables, “[each] case must depend on its own
unique facts”, and there may be “other contingencies and vicissitudes of life
that may cause the court in any particular case to make such adjustments to
the multipliers as it may deem just and fair when using the tables” (see
Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p ix).

73 In the present case, one of the main planks of the first defendant
counsel’s argument that an additional 15% discount should be applied to all
awards for future losses which are calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial
Tables is that, unlike the Ogden Tables, the Singapore Actuarial Tables do not
provide for Other Vicissitudes. Counsel for the first defendant also refers to
various foreign authorities. It is the contention of the first defendant’s
counsel that “the quantification of the additional adjustment for Other
Vicissitudes should be based on this Honourable Court using its judicial
wisdom to apply a broad percentage discounter to the product figure derived
from the Singapore Actuarial Tables” (emphasis in original) and that “a broad
percentage discounter of 15% should then be applied, i.e. 85% of the product
figure should be awarded”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1DCS at para 45.

74 I am unable to accept the first defendant counsel’s arguments. It is
pertinent to note that the reduction factors in the Ogden Tables are not used
to discount for all future losses. The Explanatory Notes, Ogden Tables state
at paragraph 15 of page 10 that the reduction factors are “used for
discounting loss of earnings and pension loss multipliers for contingencies
other than mortality” (emphasis added).

75 Further, the first defendant counsel’s arguments are, quite plainly, not
grounded in case-specific factors that justify an additional discount of 15%
to be applied to awards for all future losses. Counsel for the first defendant
is effectively seeking a discount to account for Other Vicissitudes generally.
The Court of Appeal was clear in Kenneth Quek (at [55]), relying on their
earlier decision in Eugene Lai (at [28] and [32]–[38]), that the courts are
not in a position to undertake reforms involving any drastic change to the
discount rate for accelerated receipt even though the court could adopt a
lower or higher discount rate where appropriate. The application of a blanket
discount to awards calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables has the
practical effect of implementing a discount on the multipliers computed by the
experts to create the Singapore Actuarial Tables, when such a discount on the
multipliers in the Singapore Actuarial Tables could not hitherto be determined
due to the lack of granular longitudinal data in Singapore. The arguments of
the first defendant must therefore be rejected.

76 It is also clear that such an exercise should only be undertaken after the
relevant data has become available for consideration, and after a careful
study is done with input from the experts and stakeholders involved. The PIRC,
which was specifically tasked to look into, inter alia, “the development of
methodology to consider other possible adjustment factors (besides life
expectancy) to adjust the basic multiplier for other vicissitudes of life
besides mortality” (see Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p iv) was,
because of a lack of such data, unable to draw any firm conclusions or make
any recommendations on adjustments (see Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at
p ix). It therefore recommended that attempts be made to keep such a database,
and stated that approaches would be made to the relevant bodies and agencies
to build up the database for adjustment factors (see Preface, Singapore
Actuarial Tables at p ix). The first defendant’s counsel, who did not provide
any data or evidence to support his submission that an additional 15% discount
should be applied, also did not explain how the court is to determine the
value of a discount to account for Other Vicissitudes when the PIRC could not
do so due to the lack of data.

77 In relation to counsel for the first defendant’s submission that, “[in] a
sentence, … the quantification of the additional adjustment for Other
Vicissitudes should be based on this Honourable Court using its judicial
wisdom to apply a broad percentage discounter to the product figure derived
from the Singapore Actuarial Tables”, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

1DCS at para 45.

I have no hesitation in rejecting such a submission. Judicial wisdom is to be
applied when considering the bases, reasons and evidence provided by the party
seeking to persuade the court to exercise its discretion to select a different
multiplier when using the Singapore Actuarial Tables based on the specific
facts and circumstances of a case. It is not a convenient substitute for
proper statistical bases and cogent reasons that a party must provide to
persuade the court to exercise its discretion in his or her favour. In fact,
judicial wisdom militates against any departure from the multipliers in the
Singapore Actuarial Tables that is without basis or whimsical. Indeed,
judicial wisdom is not a justification for plucking out a percentage discount
from the air.

78 I turn next to the arguments of the first defendant’s counsel who relied on
foreign authorities to support his submission that an additional 15% discount
should be applied. Counsel for the first defendant refers to cases from New
South Wales, namely, State of New South Wales v Moss (2000) 54 NSWLR 536, FAI
Allianz Insurance Ltd v Lang [2004] NSWCA 413, Miller v Galderisi [2009] NSWCA
353, Taupau v HVAC Constructions (Qld) Pty Ltd [2012] NSWCA 293 and Avopiling
Pty Ltd v Bosevski [2018] NSWCA 146, mainly to make the point that 15% is the
“conventional adjustment discounter” for Other Vicissitudes applied to awards
for loss of future earning capacity or other events in New South Wales. In
addition, counsel for the first defendant relies on case law from Ireland,
namely Reddy v Bates [1984] ILRM 19 and Joann Twomey v Jeral Limited [2022]
IECA 177, primarily to show that the courts in Ireland commonly apply
discounts for future risks in the labour market for claims pertaining to loss
of future earnings, and that the normal range of deductions for future loss of
earnings claims is between 15% to 25%. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1DCS at paras 70–72.

79 The first defendant counsel’s reliance on these foreign authorities is
problematic on various fronts. First, the New South Wales cases were decided
based on the NSW Act, for which there is no equivalent legislative provision
in Singapore. Further, the apparent conventional discount rate of 15% in the
New South Wales cases, or 15% to 25% in the Irish cases, were applied based on
the circumstances in those jurisdictions. It is unclear whether the
circumstances under which the discount rates were adopted are applicable to,
or even relevant in, the local context, let alone in this case. There was no
analysis on whether the circumstances in those cases are comparable to the
circumstances in Singapore. It is also unclear how the numerical value of the
discount at 15% (as opposed to any other numerical value) was selected in
those cases and appropriate for selection here, just as it is unclear why, in
relation to the Irish cases, it is appropriate to adopt the lower end of the
Irish scale of discount to reduce the award of damages for future losses that
are calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

80 Second, it is unclear whether the assumptions or bases for the rates of
discount applied in New South Wales and Ireland are compatible with the
assumptions, such as those for investment expense, inflation and mortality
risks (see [66] above), built into the Singapore Actuarial Tables. No evidence
or submission is provided in this regard, or with respect to whether applying
a blanket discount of 15% to awards calculated using the multipliers computed
by the experts to create the Singapore Actuarial Tables is an appropriate
method to account for Other Vicissitudes.

81 Third, there is the question of whether the adoption of the rates of
discount applied in the foreign cases when using the Singapore Actuarial
Tables to reduce the awards will lead to over deduction. This concern calls to
mind the case of Lai Wee Lian. The appellant there appealed to the Privy
Council against the trial judge’s award in respect of her loss of future
earnings. One of the issues which arose for determination was the selection of
an appropriate multiplier, and how it should be discounted. The Privy Council
in Lai Wee Lian cautioned against erroneous double counting by reducing the
award for contingencies and accelerated receipt implicit in an application of
a discounted figure as a direct multiplier (as was the practice in England)
together with a set of present value (or financial) tables prepared by M/s
Murphy and Dunbar, Solicitors (“the Murphy and Dunbar Tables”) (which comprise
discounts calculated on the assumption that a capital sum is invested at 5%
interest and were in use in Singapore) (see [20]–[27]). It held that if the
Murphy and Dunbar Tables were used, they must not be used by direct
application of precedents as that would result in an over deduction (see [25]
and [27]). Similarly, in this case, taking a 15% discount used in foreign
precedents to attempt to reduce the awards calculated based on the multipliers
in the Singapore Actuarial Tables may possibly result in the double deduction
for accelerated receipts and/or mortality. Counsel for the first defendant did
not submit on whether the discounts applied in each of the foreign precedents
included accelerated receipt and/or mortality. In short, the discounts for
contingencies and vicissitudes in the foreign cases were made in different
contexts, and counsel for the first defendant did not provide any
justification for them to simply be transplanted to discount the evidence-
based calculations in the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

82 Fourth, as submitted by counsel for the plaintiff, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PRS at para 37.

it is evident from the Ogden Tables that the determination of the discount to
apply to reduce the multiplier is a complex process and involves multiple
factors. Indeed, the reduction factors in Tables A to D of the Ogden Tables
were developed based on extensive data from surveys and studies, as well as
expert analysis and review (see Explanatory Notes, Ogden Tables (8th edition,
updated as of August 2022) in Section B at paras 55–57). In this regard, the
first defendant has provided no statistics, evidence or any principled basis
to justify the adoption of a 15% discount to be applied across the board to
awards that are calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables. In any
event, as noted at [75], the formulation of rates of discount to be applied
across the board is plainly not an exercise that the courts are in a position
to undertake.

83 For the reasons above, I conclude that there is no basis for the court to
apply a 15% discount to awards for future losses calculated based on the
Singapore Actuarial Tables generally, as sought by the first defendant. I turn
next to consider whether there are any case-specific factors that may justify
a discount, and if so, what the value of the discount should be.

84 Counsel for the first defendant argues that: (a) with respect to future
income, compensation without applying an additional discount is “effectively
based on a model that as a certainty, [the plaintiff] would not have
encountered obstacles in her career and her life, or that as a certainty, she
would not make life choices that depart from the singular path of staying on
the police force until the maximum retirement age”; 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1DCS at para 36.

and (b) with respect to future medical and caregiver expenses, the court
should consider the possibility that the plaintiff would face another
accident, or fall ill from common medical conditions, which would necessitate
such future care. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1DCS at para 37.

85 The assessment of loss of future earnings is based on a plaintiff’s
hypothetical working life without the injuries that the plaintiff has
sustained and on what the plaintiff would have earned in future had the
plaintiff not met with the subject accident (Lua Bee Kiang at [73]).
Adjustments may be made for contingencies and uncertainties of human life and
working capacity. For example, the plaintiff “might have died or have been
incapacitated by some other accident or by illness at any time during [her
remaining working life]” (Lai Wee Lian at [20]). In the same vein, the Ogden
Tables account for “the possibility that the claimant would have had
interruptions in employment due to periods out for reasons including ill-
health, childcare and redundancy” (see Explanatory Notes, Ogden Tables in
Section A at para 40).

86 I am not persuaded that the first factor put forth by the first defendant’s
counsel relating to the possibility of the plaintiff encountering career
obstacles and making life changes provides a sufficient basis for a 15%
discount to be applied to the award for loss of future earnings. In my view,
it is simply insufficient for the first defendant’s counsel to point to
something which may happen in practically every case and then leap to the
conclusion that a 15% discount ought to be applied. Beyond the fact that such
career obstacles and life changes may happen in every case, the first
defendant counsel’s assumption that uncertainties in the plaintiff’s career
path must lead to a discount is flawed. On the facts of this case, there is
nothing to suggest that the plaintiff would meet only with obstacles and not
opportunities, or that she would only make life choices that would have an
adverse and not a positive impact on her income. Challenges and changes in
life can go both ways.

87 That having been said, a view may be taken that counsel for the first
defendant’s argument encompasses a reference to contingencies leading to
periods of non-employment of the plaintiff. In that sense, I accept that the
possibility of interruptions to the period of time that the plaintiff would
have spent in employment from the date of the hearing to her retirement from
the workforce may be accounted for and that an adjustment to the award for
future loss of earnings may be made if it is warranted by the specific facts
and circumstances of this case.

88 In relation to the quantification of the discount for the Other
Vicissitudes affecting a claimant’s working life, I am of the view that the
observations of the court in Hafizul on adjustments that could be made to
account for contingencies and other vicissitudes of life, although made before
the publication of the Singapore Actuarial Tables, continue to provide
valuable guidance. As noted earlier at [71], factors such as gender,
educational attainment, employment status and pre-existing illnesses or
disabilities, as well as the structural features of the plaintiff’s industry
and the wider economy may be considered (Hafizul at [54]–[56]). Other relevant
factors would include the employment track record of the plaintiff, the
attitude of the plaintiff towards work, the security of the plaintiff’s
employment (in a case where the plaintiff is employed at the date of the
accident), the knowledge, expertise and work experience of the plaintiff, the
demand for such knowledge, expertise and work experience in the labour market,
and the rate of unemployment. All these factors are indicative of the
likelihood of the plaintiff remaining in employment if not for the accident.

89 Considering the specific facts and circumstances of this case and applying
the above factors, I will make a modest adjustment to the award for loss of
future earnings, by selecting the start of payment a year later than the age
of the plaintiff at the start of the assessment, in other words, at age 38
instead of 37. This shortens the time period that the plaintiff would have
been employed until her retirement from the workforce, and consequently
reduces the multiplier to account for risks of non-employment. I will deal
with the quantification of the discount in greater detail later in this
judgment (see [122] to [126] below), together with the computation of the
award for loss of future earnings.

90 With respect to future expenses, I do not accept the first defendant
counsel’s argument that the court should apply a discount of 15% to account
for the possibility that the plaintiff might well have to incur such expenses
since “the Plaintiff may have another accident which may necessitate such
future care” or that “she may fall ill from medical conditions that a
significant proportion of our population falls prey to, such as cancer,
dementia, diabetes, stroke and others”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1DCS at para 37.

91 When it comes to future expenses, the assessment is based on a plaintiff’s
actual life post-accident with the plaintiff’s injuries (Lua Bee Kiang at
[73]). The basis for the assessment is therefore different from that for loss
of future earnings, which is premised on the plaintiff’s hypothetical life
without the injuries sustained from the accident and what it would have been
if not for the accident. In considering what to award for future expenses, the
court will therefore ascertain the likely future needs of the plaintiff that
are caused by the accident and the expenses that would have to be incurred to
meet those needs in future. Discounts may be applied, for example, if a
particular expense may eventually not have to be incurred in future because of
possible changing needs, or if a risk necessitating an expense that the
plaintiff is to be compensated for may not materialise, as was the case in Lua
Bee Kiang.

92 In the present case, the evidence shows that the plaintiff will continue to
have to incur the future expenses necessitated by the accident for the rest of
her life. Given her present condition, which, according to the evidence, is
unlikely to improve, it is questionable how another accident or other
illnesses would render those expenses any less necessary, such that there is
cause for the application of an additional discount to reduce the defendants’
liability. I therefore decline to apply any discount to the awards for future
expenses in this case.

93 In summary, I reject the first defendant counsel’s submission that an
additional 15% discount should be applied to awards for all future losses that
are calculated based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables to account for Other
Vicissitudes. I will, as stated at [89] above, make an adjustment to the
multiplier to account for employment risks that the plaintiff in this case
would have been exposed to, had the accident not happened, to calculate the
plaintiff’s loss of future earnings. It is to her loss of future earnings that
I now turn.

Loss of future earnings of the plaintiff

94 The plaintiff claims a sum of $2,094,443.93 for her loss of future income
(inclusive of employer’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PCS at paras 9, 110 and 207; PRS at paras 3, 42 and 105.

Counsel for the plaintiff asserts the following in support of the plaintiff’s
claim:

(a) The plaintiff would have retired from the SPF at the age of 60.
Thereafter, she would have continued working in a similar industry of policing
or security services, albeit earning a lower salary, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS at paras 108 and 113(c).

and would have retired from the workforce at the age of 72. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS at para 113(c).

In this regard, Mr Mani testified that the plaintiff would have sought
employment after retiring from the SPF as she had expressed the view that they
would not be able to afford to retire. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at paras 29 and 31; NE dated 13 September
2022 at p 41 at lines 4–28.

(b) Further, it is not unreasonable to expect the plaintiff to retire from the
SPF at 60 years old and to seek employment after retirement from the SPF since
“the Government’s policy is to increase retirement and reemployment age to 70
years by 2030”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 10 and S/N 11.

(c) The plaintiff would have remained as a Senior Staff Sergeant during the
period of her employment in the SPF. As such, her salary scale (ie, $3,580 to
$5,490) would have remained the same. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS at para 105; PRS at para 24 at S/N 2.

(d) The plaintiff’s salary increments should be calculated using percentage
increments instead of a fixed figure. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 3.

Based on the evidence, the plaintiff’s gross salary increments had been at
least 3% for most years. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 3; Mr Mani’s supplementary AEIC dated 28 June 2022 at
para 7.

In Mr Mani’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief dated 30 May 2022, it was claimed
that the plaintiff’s salary would have increased at the average rate of 4.94%
per year (until her salary hit the top of her salary scale). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at para 30.

(e) The plaintiff’s salary ceiling would have been at the highest end of her
salary scale (ie, $5,490). Based on the plaintiff’s projections, she would
have reached her salary ceiling at the age of 44 years old. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 3; PCS at Appendix A.

(f) The plaintiff would have been awarded different types of bonuses if she
had met their respective payment criteria, namely, a mid-year bonus, a year-
end bonus, a performance bonus and a non-pensionable annual allowance
(commonly known as the “13th month bonus) (“13th month bonus”). In this
regard, she would have received between 3.5 to 4.5 months’ bonus every year.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 7.

She received on average 1.5 to 2 months’ performance bonus every year, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 7.

and about 0.5 month’s mid-year bonus and 1 to 1.5 months’ year-end bonus
annually. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 5–6.

On top of bonuses, the plaintiff would have received other payments, including
a monthly frontline allowance, the Police INVEST payment, the Strategic
Payment and the Team Incentive Award. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS at para 87.

The SPF stated that the exact amounts of these payments were not available as
they were dependent on factors such as the plaintiff’s future performance,
future salaries and market conditions. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 7 at S/N 16.

However, the plaintiff’s past payment records provided by the SPF show that
the plaintiff had received a mid-year bonus, a year-end bonus and a 13th month
bonus every year except for 2019 when her employment was terminated, and that
the plaintiff received 0.5 to 3 months’ performance bonus from 2006 to 2018.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at paras 89 to 90.

(g) After her retirement from the SPF, the plaintiff would have drawn a salary
of around $3,500 per month until her retirement from the workforce. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at para 108.

(h) The method of computation for the plaintiff’s future earnings is to first
calculate her annual income, and thereafter add employer’s CPF contributions
and deduct income tax. This figure should then be multiplied by the
appropriate multiplier in the Singapore Actuarial Tables. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 107.

95 Counsel for the plaintiff submits that the appropriate multipliers and
multiplicands are as follows:

(a) The multipliers and multiplicands should be computed in three different
periods. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at para 112.

The first period should be seven years (from age 37 to 43) on the assumption
that it would be the plaintiff’s prime years in active service. The second
period should be 16 years (from age 44 to 60) on the assumption that she would
have reached the pinnacle of her career. The third period would be 12 years
(from age 61 to 72) on the assumption that she would have retired from the SPF
at the age of 60 but that she would have continued working elsewhere till the
age of 72. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 113.

Taking guidance from the Singapore Actuarial Tables, the multipliers to be
applied are as follows: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at paras 110 and 113.

(i) 5.99 for the first period;

(ii) 12.85 for the second period; and

(iii) 4.69 for the third period.

(b) The appropriate multiplicands (ie, the plaintiff’s annual salary, taking
into account her employer’s CPF contributions and income tax) should be based
on the average of the figures recorded in the plaintiff’s Notices of
Assessment for 2016 and 2017 (for income earned in 2015 and 2016), during
which the plaintiff was on active duty. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at paras 91 and 93; PRS at para 24 at S/N 1.

As such, the starting point for the multiplicand should be the annual figure
of $81,605.00, being the average of the figures recorded in the plaintiff’s
Notices of Assessment for 2016 and 2017, which works out to be $6,800.42 per
month. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS at paras 94 and 102.

This figure excludes employer’s CPF contributions but includes bonuses and all
other payments. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PCS at paras 94 and 104.

The monthly figure of $6,800.42 would increase in the second period by $600,
being the difference between her current monthly salary of $4,858 and the
highest end of her salary scale at $5,490, to take into account the expected
progress the plaintiff would have made in her career. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS at para 107.

The multiplicands are divided into the same three periods: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS at para 110.

(i) $93,623.43 for the first period;

(ii) $102,779.82 for the second period; and

(iii) $45,398.50 for the third period.

96 Counsel for the first defendant contends that the plaintiff should only be
entitled to $1,336,179.89, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

1DCS at para 147.

and makes the following arguments in support of his contention:

(a) There are announced plans to increase the retirement age for Home Affairs
uniformed workers to 58 years old by 2030, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

1DCS at para 140.

and it is reasonable to expect that the plaintiff would retire from the SPF
and the workforce at age 58. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

1DCS at para 139.

There is no evidence to show how the SPF decides whether to employ a female
officer to age 60 and it is highly speculative that the plaintiff’s employment
with the SPF will extend to age 60. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

1DCS at para 141.

(b) Mr Mani’s testimony regarding the plaintiff’s plan to seek employment even
after retiring from the SPF is but a bare assertion. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

1DCS at para 142.

As the plaintiff’s only child would be 28 years old by the time the plaintiff
is 58 years old, the child would no longer be dependent on her parents. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

1DCS at para 143.

There is thus no clear necessity for the plaintiff to continue working after
retiring from the SPF.

(c) The plaintiff would have remained as a Senior Staff Sergeant during the
period of her employment in the SPF as there is no evidence to show that she
would have been promoted beyond that rank. As such, her salary scale would
have remained the same. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

1DCS at paras 107–112.

(d) The salary increments the plaintiff received after she was promoted to
Senior Staff Sergeant should be used to estimate the plaintiff’s increment
prospects. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

1DCS at para 123.

In terms of the plaintiff’s salary ceiling, there is no evidence that the
plaintiff’s basic salary would have reached the highest end of the salary
scale. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1DCS at para 115.

The plaintiff’s monthly gross salary of $4,532.45 at the time of her promotion
was close to the 50th percentile of her salary scale. The salary ceiling
should thus be estimated at the 50th percentile between the plaintiff’s last
drawn salary (ie, $4,858.45) and the highest end of the salary scale (ie,
$5,490), which is $5,174.24 (“the presumed salary ceiling”). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1DCS at paras 118–119.

It is reasonable to expect that the plaintiff’s monthly basic salary would
increase by $163 annually until she reaches the presumed salary ceiling. This
is because her monthly basic salary was increased by $163 in both 2017 and
2018, after her promotion to Senior Staff Sergeant in 2016. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

1DCS at para 124; Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 7
at S/N 11.

(e) The Singapore Actuarial Tables state that any wage increment that is 2%
per annum or below should not be factored into the multiplicand, as “the
tables cater for inflation”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

1DCS at para 125.

In other words, “the 2% is already factored into the multiplier and should not
be factored into the multiplicand.” 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

1DCS at para 128.

There would otherwise be a double counting effect if inflation is allowed for
in both the multiplier and multiplicand. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

1DCS at para 125, referring to Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables at p viii
and pp 5–6.

(f) The plaintiff would have received around three months’ bonus every year,
namely the 13th month bonus, one month’s mid-year and year-end bonuses, and
one month’s performance bonus. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

1DCS at para 133.

For mid-year and year-end bonuses, as well as performance bonuses, the SPF
only stated that the plaintiff would be entitled to such bonuses if she met
the payment criteria, declining to speculate what her average bonuses would be
in the future. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

1DCS at paras 131–132; Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023
at p 7 at S/N 15-–16.

In the ten years prior to 2016 (ie, 2006 to 2015), the plaintiff’s average
performance bonus was 1.6 months. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

1DCS at para 132.

In view of the SPF’s response and discounting for the possibility that the
usual performance bonus would not be given, it is fair or within reasonable
expectation to provide one month for the plaintiff’s mid-year and year-end
bonus, and one month for her performance bonus every year. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1DCS at paras 131–132.

97 Counsel for the first defendant submits that the multipliers and
multiplicands are as follows: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

1DCS at para 147.

(a) The multipliers and multiplicands should be computed in two different
stages. The first stage represents the average of the plaintiff’s projected
salary before it hit the presumed salary ceiling. The second stage is for the
remaining years when her salary is expected to remain at the presumed salary
ceiling. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

1DCS at para 129.

In the second stage, the rate for employer’s CPF contributions varies based on
the plaintiff’s age – 17% for 55 years old and below and 14.5% for 55 to 60
years old. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

1DCS at para 135.

Although the multipliers and multiplicands should be computed in two different
stages, there are essentially three periods for computation due to the
different applicable rates for employer’s CPF contributions. Taking guidance
from the Singapore Actuarial Tables, the multipliers to be applied are as
follows:

(i) 4 for the first five years (from 37 years to 41 years);

(ii) 11.32 for the next 14 years (from 42 years to 55 years); and

(iii) 2.43 for the final three years (from 56 years to 58 years).

(b) The multiplicands should be calculated with reference to the plaintiff’s
last drawn salary as a Senior Staff Sergeant. On the basis that the
plaintiff’s monthly salary would have increased by $163 annually until it hit
the presumed salary ceiling, 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1DCS at para 124.

the plaintiff’s average monthly salary would be $5,027.53 for the first stage,
after “[deducting] 2% … where the $163.00 represents an increment above 2%”.
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

1DCS at para 128.

Further, income tax should be deducted from her earnings. As her average
income tax based on her Notices of Assessment for 2016 and 2017 (ie, for
income earned in 2015 and 2016 respectively) was $1,247.10 and she earned a
lower monthly salary in those years than her projected income, a lump sum of
$1,400 should be deducted for income tax. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1DCS at para 137.

As for the period where the plaintiff's salary is at the presumed salary
ceiling and the employer's CPF contribution is at 17% and 14.5%, the same
calculations apply. The multiplicands are divided into the same three periods
as follows: 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

1DCS at para 147.

(i) $86,833.15 for the first period before the plaintiff reached the presumed
salary ceiling;

(ii) $89,407.91 for the second period where the plaintiff’s salary is at the
presumed salary ceiling and the employer’s CPF contribution is at 17%; and

(iii) $87,467.57 for the third period where the plaintiff’s salary is at the
presumed salary ceiling and the employer’s CPF contribution is at 14.5%.

98 I turn now to address the issues relating to the determination of the
multiplier and multiplicand.

(1) Multiplier

(A) Age of retirement from the SPF

99 Under reg 10 of the Home Affairs Uniformed Services (INVEST Plan)
Regulations, the retirement age of a member is 56 years old. However, reg
10(4) states that where the relevant authority is of the view that it is in
the interests of the uniformed service for the member to continue in the
service, the relevant authority may make an offer for the member to retire on
a later date, being no later than the 60th anniversary of the member’s birth,
as specified in the offer, and if the member accepts the offer within such
period as the relevant authority may specify, the member shall be required to
retire from the service on that later date as specified. While the plaintiff’s
counsel argues that the plaintiff would retire at age 60, there is
insufficient evidence to suggest that the SPF would make such an offer to the
plaintiff. For that matter, evidence on the criteria for such an offer to be
made and that the plaintiff would meet the criteria has not been adduced. I
thus reject the submission of the plaintiff’s counsel that the plaintiff’s age
of retirement from the SPF would be 60. In view of the plans to increase the
retirement age for Home Affairs uniformed workers from 56 years old to 58
years old by 2030, I accept the submission of the first defendant’s counsel
that the plaintiff’s age of retirement from the SPF would be 58 years old.

(B) Age of retirement from the workforce

100 According to the Prime Minister’s announcement during his National Day
Rally speech in 2019, the retirement and re-employment ages would be raised to
65 and 70 years of age respectively by 2030. In Muhammad Adam, this point was
submitted by the plaintiff to argue that it would be reasonable to assume that
the plaintiff, who was doing a three-year computer engineering course at the
Singapore Polytechnic at the time of the accident, would be employed till the
age of 70 (at [180]). The High Court agreed with the plaintiff’s submission,
observing that it is “a reasonable assumption to make given that in today’s
context, there is a growing incidence of people continuing to work after their
official retirement age”, which is “a trend that is being encouraged by the
Government on account of Singapore’s ageing population” (at [180]). In
reaching this conclusion, the court also noted statements made in Parliament
in November 2021, when the Retirement and Re-employment Act (Cap 274A, 2012
Rev Ed) was amended, which emphasised the Prime Minister’s statement that the
retirement and re-employment ages for Singapore workers would be raised
progressively to 65 and 70 years, respectively, by 2030 (at [181]).

101 In this case, it is reasonable to assume that the plaintiff would continue
to work after her retirement from the SPF at the age of 58. This is in the
light of the evidence showing that the plaintiff was continually and
consistently working until she met the accident. As mentioned at [5] above,
the plaintiff had been working since she was 16 years old, doing part-time
jobs until her full-time employment in the SPF from when she was almost 19
years old till the day of the accident. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 15 at line 12 to p 16 at line 5.

She joined the SPF as a Corporal in 2003 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 15 at p 14 at line 26 to p 15 at line 11; PBD1
at p 25.

and rose through the ranks to a Senior Staff Sergeant in 2016, just a few
months before the accident. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 82.

She was promoted three times between 2003 and 2016. Her first promotion was
from Corporal to Sergeant in 2009, about six years after she joined the SPF.
Her second promotion from Sergeant to Staff Sergeant was in 2014, five years
after her first promotion. She served as Staff Sergeant for about two years
before she was promoted again to Senior Staff Sergeant in 2016. I find, based
on the plaintiff’s work history and track record, that she had performed well,
and appears to have had a positive attitude towards work. This is corroborated
by the various medals and awards that she received in her years with the SPF.
163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 82.

Based on her demonstrated inclination to work, it is more likely that the
plaintiff would have continued to work after her retirement from the SPF. I
respectfully agree with the observation of the learned Judge in Muhammad Adam
(at [180]) that in the present-day context, there is a growing incidence of
people continuing to work after their official retirement age. This is
particularly the case for the plaintiff since she would have retired from the
SPF at 58, a few years earlier than most workers.

102 I also find Mr Mani’s evidence that the plaintiff would have sought work
in the industry of policing or security services after her retirement from the
SPF to be reasonable in view of her work experience and training as a police
officer. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 72 at lines 19–20.

Given the nature of a security services job, which is generally more
physically demanding and largely dependent on the plaintiff’s health
condition, it is my view that the plaintiff would have likely retired and left
her security services job outside of the SPF at the age of 65.

(C) Period of computation for loss of future earnings

103 I find that the period of loss of future earnings for the plaintiff is
from 37 years old (ie, the age of the plaintiff at the time of the hearing) to
65 years old (ie, the expected age of the plaintiff at the time of retirement
from the workforce). The appropriate multiplier based on Table 2 of the
Singapore Actuarial Tables for females where the start of payment is at 37
years old and the end of payment is at 65 years old is 21.17. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Table 2-7 Multiplier for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

The multiplier of 21.17 is divided as follows: 17.75 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Table 2-6 Multiplier for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

for the first period from the age of 37 to 58, when the plaintiff would have
been employed by the SPF, 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Table 2-6 Multiplier for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

and 3.42 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Table 2-7 Multiplier for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables.

for the second period from the age of 59 to 65, when the plaintiff would have
been employed elsewhere after her retirement from the SPF.

(2) Multiplicand

104 The question here is what the plaintiff’s yearly income would have been,
but for the accident. The issues in relation to the determination of the
multiplicand are: (a) whether the plaintiff would reasonably be expected to be
promoted beyond the rank of Senior Staff Sergeant to Inspector in the SPF; (b)
what wage increments the plaintiff would reasonably be expected to receive;
and (c) what bonuses the plaintiff would reasonably be expected to receive.

(A) Promotion

105 Although the plaintiff was promoted to the rank of Senior Staff Sergeant
in 2016 a few months before she turned 32, counsel for the plaintiff does not
contend that she would have been promoted beyond the rank of Senior Staff
Sergeant in the SPF. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PCS at para 107; PRS at para 26.

Given that it is not the plaintiff’s case that she would have been promoted
despite her steady progression in the 13 years that she was employed by the
SPF, this assessment will proceed on the basis that she would have remained in
the rank of Senior Staff Sergeant until her retirement from the SPF, which I
have found earlier to be at the age of 58.

(B) Salary increments

106 In my view, the figure of $5,490 at the highest end of the salary scale
for a Senior Staff Sergeant should be taken as the plaintiff’s expected salary
ceiling, instead of $5,174.24 as submitted by counsel for the first defendant.
I do not accept as reasonable the first defendant counsel’s submission that
the plaintiff would not have hit the salary ceiling for a Senior Staff
Sergeant. Based on the parties’ cases that the plaintiff would not have been
promoted, if the first defendant counsel’s submission is accepted, that would
mean that the plaintiff would not even reach the salary ceiling of a Senior
Staff Sergeant despite working for about 21 more years in that rank. As
counsel for the first defendant concedes in his submissions, the plaintiff had
been receiving salary increments since her promotion to Senior Staff Sergeant.
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

1DCS at para 123.

It makes no sense for the first defendant’s counsel to then simultaneously
argue that she would stop receiving salary increments once she hit the 50th
percentile between her last drawn salary and the highest end of the salary
scale. In fact, going by her last two annual increments, the plaintiff could
possibly have hit the salary ceiling of $5,490 by June 2022, even before the
hearing of the assessment, although I note that her case, as submitted by her
counsel, is that she would hit the salary ceiling only at the age of 44 in
2029. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PCS at Appendix A; PRS at para 24 at S/N 3.

107 In view of the parties’ position that the plaintiff would have remained in
the same rank as a Senior Staff Sergeant and the top end of the salary scale
at that rank is only $631.55 more than her last drawn salary of $4,858.45
(being $5,490 less $4,858.45), I do not find it necessary to use a different
basic salary figure for the period of her expected employment with SPF to
account for her salary increments that would amount to no more than $631.55.
Given the plaintiff’s case that she would only have hit the salary ceiling at
the age of 44, I estimate the average of her basic monthly salary for the
entire period of her employment at the SPF to be at the 75th percentile
between her last drawn monthly salary and the top end of the salary scale at
$5,332.11 (being $4,858.45 + [(75 x $631.55) / 100]).

108 I do not agree with the first defendant’s submission that 2% should be
deducted where the plaintiff’s increment of $163 represents an increment above
2%. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

1DCS at para 128.

There is no issue of double provision for wage inflation here. As Justice Loh
explained at p viii of Preface, Singapore Actuarial Tables:

… It is assumed that the multiplier will be used with a multiplicand that does
not allow for inflation. This is an important assumption; if inflation is
allowed for in both the multiplier and multiplicand, there will be a “double
counting” effect. The approach taken in these tables is to make an assumption
about the long-term future inflation rate. No distinction is made here between
price inflation and wage inflation as it is too granular given the
approximations inherent in the rest of the calculations. Historically, the
average annual price inflation in Singapore is about 2% ... It is this rate
that is adopted. The discount rates in the yield curve will be reduced to
allow for this assumption. This can be done precisely so that the multiplier
will be the present value of annual payments that increase by 2% each year.

109 Note (4) at page 7 of the Explanatory Notes accompanying the Singapore
Actuarial Tables further state that:

… Therefore, usual wage increments which tend to be below 2% pa should not be
taken into account in determining multiplicands as these increments would
already be incorporated. Only promotions which push a person’s income to the
next income bracket should be considered when determining multiplicands.

110 In other words, when applying the Singapore Actuarial Tables, there is no
need to further adjust the multiplicand to compensate for inflation. There is
nothing in the Explanatory Notes to indicate that any deduction should be made
in the manner submitted by the first defendant’s counsel. The statements in
the Explanatory Notes accompanying the Singapore Actuarial Tables (at [109]
above) have no application to the plaintiff’s wage increments of $163, as the
plaintiff’s wage increments would have exceeded 2%. The Explanatory Notes are
silent on how increments which exceed 2%, but which do not result in the
plaintiff moving into the next income bracket, are to be dealt with. More
importantly, there is nothing in the Explanatory Notes which states that a 2%
wage increment should be deducted from a wage increment that exceeds 2%. All
the Explanatory Notes state is that a 2% per annum rate of inflation has been
taken into account in the multipliers in the Singapore Actuarial Tables, and
hence, that there is no need to cater for increments below 2% in the
multiplicand. I am of the view that no deduction in relation to salary
increments should be made based on my approach to assessing the multiplicand
and I decline to make any deduction in relation to salary increments as
contended by the first defendant’s counsel.

111 The loss of future earnings is thus calculated using two periods:

(a) the first period ranges from age 37 to age 58, when the plaintiff would
have been employed by the SPF, with an estimated average basic monthly salary
of $5,332.11; and

(b) the second period ranges from age 59 to age 65, when the plaintiff would
have been employed elsewhere at a lower monthly salary. As will be explained
at Section (E) below, the lower monthly salary is assessed at $3,500.

(C) Bonuses, allowances and other emoluments

112 I am also unable to accept the first defendant counsel’s submission that
the plaintiff’s future earnings should be calculated on the assumption that
she would have received only three months’ bonuses. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

1DCS at para 133.

There are a number of different components to the plaintiff’s income, which
consists of her basic salary, the 13th month bonus, performance bonus, mid-
year bonus, year-end bonus, and allowances and other emoluments. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 7 at S/N 12–13, p 8
at S/N 21, p 14 at S/N 2 and p 16 at S/N 10.

The first defendant counsel’s method of computation will undercompensate the
plaintiff, as is evident from Tables A and B below. Leaving aside the
allowances and emoluments that the plaintiff would have been entitled to but
which the first defendant’s counsel did not provide for, the proposed total of
three months’ bonuses annually is too low and not supported by the evidence
before the court. In this regard, I calculate the average over the longest
period covered by the evidence and publicly available information that the
parties submitted concerning the bonuses received by the plaintiff or declared
for civil servants, to come to a fair estimate of how much bonuses the
plaintiff would have received.

(I) Bonuses

113 As seen from Table A below, the plaintiff received an average performance
bonus of 1.76 months over a period of 13 years, from 2006 until 2018, the last
year in which she received a performance bonus from the SPF. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at pp 17–18.

As for the mid-year bonus and year-end bonus, the quantum declared from 2006
to 2022 averaged at 0.40 months for mid-year bonus and 0.74 months for year-
end bonus. I pause here to note that I prefer adopting the average quantum of
mid-year and year-end bonuses from 2006 to 2022, as opposed to that from 2006
to 2018, although the plaintiff’s employment was terminated in April 2019.
Based on Table A below, the differences between the average figures are not
significant. However, it would be more accurate to adopt the numbers derived
from a longer period for the purposes of assessing loss of future earnings.
This is because the effects of events generally affecting the economy (and
hence bonus payments) which are captured using a larger set of data would be
better reflected in the results. Taking these averages for performance bonus,
mid-year bonus and year-end bonus, I derive an average of 2.90 months for
these bonuses (being 1.76 for performance bonus + 0.40 for mid-year bonus +
0.74 months for year-end bonus). Adding the 13th month bonus to that, the
total bonuses will add up to 3.90 months, which exceeds the 3 months proposed
by counsel for the first defendant. Besides bonuses, the plaintiff was also
paid allowances and other emoluments, which must be taken into account.

Table A

S/N| Year| Performance Bonus| Mid-year bonus| Year-end bonus| Allowances and
other emoluments  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| 2006| 0.50 month| 0.50 month | 1.20 months (including a Special Bonus of 0.20 month)| Notices of Assessment not in evidence.  
2| 2007| 0.56 month| 0.50 month | 1.00 month  
3| 2008| 2.65 months (including the average of 0.50 to 0.80 month of Range for Growth Bonus)| 0.50 month | 0.50 month  
4| 2009| 2.00 months| -| 0.25 month  
5| 2010| 1.00 month| 0.50 month | 1.00 month  
6| 2011| 2.80 months (including the average of 0.00 to 1.60 months of range for Special Variable Payment)| 0.50 month | 0.75 month  
7| 2012| 1.50 months| 0.30 month| 0.70 month  
8| 2013| 3.00 months| 0.40 month| 1.10 months  
9| 2014| 2.00 months| 0.50 month| 0.80 month  
10| 2015| 1.40 months| 0.50 month | 0.65 month| See Table B below based on Notices of Assessment for 2016 to 2019 (ie, for income earned in 2015 to 2018).  
11| 2016| 2.40 months| 0.45 month| 0.50 month  
12| 2017| 1.70 months| 0.50 month| 1.00 month  
13| 2018| 1.40 months| 0.50 month | 1.00 month  
Total (2006 – 2018)| 22.91 months| 5.65 months| 10.45 months| 42.31 months  
Average (2006 – 2018)| 1.76 months | 0.43 month | 0.80 month | 2.90 months  
14| 2019| -| 0.45 month | 0.10 month | Notices of Assessment for 2019 to 2021 are in evidence.  
15| 2020| -| -| -  
16| 2021| -| 0.30 month | 1.00 month   
17| 2022| -| 0.35 month | 1.10 months   
Total | 22.91 months| 6.75 months| 12.65 months| -  
Average| 1.76 months (For 2006 – 2018, 2018 being the last year that the
plaintiff received a performance bonus from the SPF.)| 0.40 month (For 2006 –
2022.)| 0.74 month (For 2006 – 2022.)| -  
  
(II) Allowances and other emoluments

114 It is in evidence that the plaintiff was paid allowances and other
emoluments, such as a monthly skill allowance of $200, the Team Incentive
Award, the Strategic Payment and the Police INVEST Payment. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 7 at S/N 12–13, p 8
at S/N 21, p 14 at S/N 2 and p 16 at S/N 10.

To ascertain the other allowances and other emoluments that the plaintiff was
paid, I refer to her Notices of Assessment for 2016 to 2019 (for income earned
from 2015 to 2018). 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at pp 20–23.

115 I pause here to deal with the submission of the counsel for the plaintiff
that the Court should only consider the figures from her Notices for
Assessment for 2016 and 2017 (ie, her earnings in 2015 and 2016). 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PCS at para 93; PRS at p 13 at S/N 7.

This is because she was on active duty in 2015 and 2016, before the accident
on 2 November 2016. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PCS at para 93; PRS at p 13 S/N 7 and at para 28.

I note that despite taking the position that the assessment should be based on
her salary when she was on active duty, the plaintiff did not tender evidence
of her Notices of Assessment before 2016. In any event, the plaintiff was
still paid bonuses, namely performance bonus, mid-year bonus, year-end bonus
and the 13th month bonus 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated dated 5 January 2023 at p 17.

although she was not in active service after 2016. The plaintiff was also paid
Team Incentive Awards in 2017 to 2019. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 14 at S/N 2 and p
16 at S/N 10.

I am of the view that the figures stated in the plaintiff’s Notices of
Assessment for 2018 and 2019 (ie, her earnings in 2017 and 2018) should be
considered together with those in her Notices of Assessment for 2016 and 2017
(ie, her earnings in 2015 and 2016) in deriving an average of the plaintiff’s
income. The additional information from her Notices of Assessment for 2018 and
2019 will yield a more accurate and indicative representation of the
plaintiff’s earnings. This would strike a balance between obtaining a more
accurate average figure and fairly treating the plaintiff’s circumstances.

116 It may be seen from Table B below that based on her Notices of Assessment
for 2016 to 2019 (ie, for work done for 2015 to 2018), she was paid 17.54
months of her average basic salary. It may be further seen from Table C that
her average performance bonus, mid-year bonus, year-end bonus and 13th month
bonus for the same period was 4.01 months. This means that the plaintiff’s
allowances and other emoluments between 2015 and 2018 was an average of about
1.53 months (being 17.54 months – 12 months – 4.01 months).

Table B

Year of Assessment| Year income was earned| Basic Salary| Annual Assessment
Amount  
---|---|---|---  
2016 182

##### Foot Note 182

× Based on the plaintiff’s Notice of Assessment (“NOA”) 2016, for income earned in 2015. See Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 20. | 2015| $50,363.40| $81,141  
2017 183

##### Foot Note 183

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2017, for income earned in 2016 before the accident on 2 November 2016. See Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 21. | 2016| $52,999.40| $82,069  
2018 184

##### Foot Note 184

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2018, for income earned in 2017 while she was not in active service. See Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 22. | 2017| $55,530.40| $76,073  
2019 185

##### Foot Note 185

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2019, for income earned in 2018. See Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 23. | 2018| $57,486.40| $77,005  
Total| $216,379.60| $316,288  
Average| $54,094.90 or $4,507.91 per month| $79,072 or 17.54 months of the
average basic salary  
  
Table C

Year income was earned| Average performance bonus| Average mid-year bonus|
Average year-end bonus| 13th month bonus| Total average bonuses  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
2015 - 2018 186

##### Foot Note 186

× Based on the figures for the relevant years in Table A. | 1.73 months| 0.49 month| 0.79 month| 1 month| 4.01 months  
  
117 It is clear that allowances and other emoluments should be included in the
assessment of damages although such payments are based on the plaintiff’s
deployment and the SPF has indicated that it was not possible for them to say
how much allowances she would have received if she had continued serving in
the SPF. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 7 at S/N 13–14 and
p 8 at S/N 21.

In my view, it would nevertheless be reasonable, based on the plaintiff’s past
income records, which show that she had received an average of about 1.53
months’ salary in allowances and other emoluments, to assume that she would
receive some allowances and other emoluments. I therefore include one month
for allowances and other emoluments in assessing the plaintiff’s future
income.

(D) Multiplicand for the period that the plaintiff would have been employed by
the SPF

118 Based on Tables A to C above, I assess the multiplicand to be 16.9 months
of the plaintiff’s basic monthly salary (being 12 months of annual salary +
2.9 months in bonuses based on the averages in Table A, the 13th month bonus,
and one month in allowances and other emoluments assumed based on Tables B and
C), plus employer’s CPF contributions less income tax.

119 I deal next with the rate of income tax that is used for calculating the
plaintiff’s annual income tax liability. The plaintiff submits that income tax
should be estimated at 1.7% 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

PCS at para 110.

based on the plaintiff’s Notices of Assessment. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PRS at para 24 at S/N 9.

Counsel for the first defendant submits that income tax should be estimated at
a lump sum of $1,400. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

1DCS at para 137.

According to counsel for the first defendant, the plaintiff’s average income
tax paid in 2016 and 2017 (ie, for income earned in 2015 and 2016) was
$1,247.10. Taking into account the fact that the plaintiff was, in those
years, earning a lower gross monthly salary than her projected future
earnings, counsel for the first defendant submits that a lump sum of $1,400 is
appropriate. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

1DCS at para 137.

The plaintiff’s counsel acknowledges in his submissions that the parties’
submitted figures only differ slightly – the plaintiff applies a percentage to
the income earned, while the first defendant seeks a lump sum deduction. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

PRS at p 14 at S/N 9.

I find that the rate of 1.7% submitted by the plaintiff is not unreasonable,
as it is within the range of income tax rates applicable to the plaintiff from
2016 to 2019, and is higher than the applicable rates in most years:

(a) In 2016, the plaintiff’s income tax was $1,434.66, which was around 1.78%
of her assessable income of $80,547. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 20.

(b) In 2017, the plaintiff’s income tax was $1,324.34, which was around 1.62%
of her assessable income of $81,529. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 21.

(c) In 2018, the plaintiff’s income tax was $1,051.76, which was around 1.39%
of her assessable income of $75,540. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 22.

(d) In 2019, the plaintiff’s income tax was $1,093.76, which was around 1.43%
of her assessable income of $76,465. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at p 22.

120 As such, I will assume that the rate of income tax is 1.7% when
calculating yearly income tax deductions for the purposes of this assessment.

(E) Multiplicand for the period after retirement from the SPF

121 For the second period from the age of 59 to 65, when the plaintiff would
have been employed elsewhere, I accept the estimated salary of $3,500 that her
counsel submitted. While the plaintiff did not provide evidence to
substantiate this figure, it is within the range of published information on
salaries in the security sector. According to the Ministry of Manpower website
on the “Progressive Wage Model for the security sector”, a full-time
outsourced security officer will earn at least a monthly basic wage of $3,530
by 2028 (although the wage schedule is subject to review in 2025).

(3) Adjustment for Other Vicissitudes interrupting continuous employment

122 I turn now to explain the adjustment that I will make to the award for
loss of future earnings to account for Other Vicissitudes that may have
interrupted the continuous employment of the plaintiff or shortened the period
that she would have been employed. In this regard, I will consider the factors
listed at [88] above that are relevant to the case at hand.

123 The plaintiff in the present case was able-bodied and active before the
accident. There is nothing in evidence to suggest that she suffered from any
pre-existing illnesses or disabilities before the accident. She had a long and
consistent record of employment, working part-time jobs since she was 16 years
old before her full-time employment in the SPF in 2003. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 15 at line 12 to p 16 at line 5.

Her attitude towards work has been shown to be positive by her work history
and track record, which indicates that the plaintiff would have stayed in
continuous employment if not for the accident. This is fortified by the fact
that her employment with the SPF was stable and secure, and provided benefits
such as hospitalisation and medical leave. This can be seen from the fact that
the plaintiff met with the accident in November 2016 and remained on paid
hospitalisation and medical leave until 30 April 2019, more than two years
after the accident. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at para 41 and p 168.

The SPF will also continue to pay for her medical expenses for the rest of her
life. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 58 at lines 10–16.

Further, it cannot be seriously disputed that she would be entitled to the
usual leave entitlements of civil servants in Singapore, including sick leave,
hospitalisation leave, childcare leave and annual vacation leave. These
factors, when viewed together, indicate that the possibility of interruptions
to the plaintiff’s employment in the SPF would have been quite low.

124 As for interruptions to the plaintiff’s employment after her retirement
from the SPF, I consider the possibility of such interruptions to be higher
than when she was employed by the SPF, given that the plaintiff would have
been seeking fresh employment at the age of 58 and would not have had any work
history with her new employer to fall back on. The risk of interruptions to
continuous employment would have also been higher, as the plaintiff would have
been older and may have encountered more health-related issues, with new
employment benefits which may not have been as favourable as before. That
having been said, given her experience as an SPF officer, her positive work
attitude and the low unemployment rate in Singapore (which is at 2.7%
according to the Ministry of Manpower’s website, “Overview on Unemployment”
(October 2023)), it is likely that the plaintiff would not have encountered
much difficulty in securing or keeping a job in the security-related sector in
the years after her retirement from the SPF.

125 Based on these considerations, I am of the view that only a modest
adjustment to the multiplier is appropriate. To that end, I make an adjustment
by selecting the start of the payment age as 38, ie, adding a year to the
plaintiff’s age of 37 as at the date of the hearing, with the end of payment
age remaining at 65, thereby shortening the time period for which she would
have been employed until her retirement from the workforce. With this notional
adjustment representing vicissitudes that may result in the plaintiff not
being able to stay in employment until she retires from the workforce at 65,
the multiplier for loss of future earnings is reduced by 0.44, from 21.17
(where the start of payment age is 37) to 20.73 years (where the start of
payment age is 38).

126 In view of the fact that the chances of interruptions to her employment
are higher after her retirement from the SPF, I distribute the 0.44 years in
the reduction of the multiplier equally between the period of time she would
have been employed by the SPF, and the period of time she would have been
employed elsewhere after her retirement from the SPF, even though the former
period would have been longer.

(4) Findings

127 My award for loss of future earnings is in Table D, as follows:

Table D

Age| Rate of Employer CPF Contribution| Multiplicand| Multiplier of 21.17 years where start of payment is at age 37 | Multiplicand times multiplier | Adjustment for interruptions to employment -Multiplier of 20.73 where start of payment is at age 38 (A reduction of 0.44 years)| Award after adjustment   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
37 to 58| 17% from age 37 to age 55| $5,332.11 200

##### Foot Note 200

× $4,858.45 + [(75 x $631.55) / 100] = $5,332.11. (being 75th percentile
between the last drawn salary of $4,858.45 and the top end of the salary scale
of $5,490) x 16.9 201

##### Foot Note 201

× Refer to [118] and Tables A, B and C above. x 1.17 (being Employer’s CPF for
age 55 and below) less 1.7% (being assumed rate of income tax)= $103,639.47|
15.95 202

##### Foot Note 202

× Table 2-6 Multipliers for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables. | 15.95 x $103,639.47 = $1,653,049.55| Distributing 0.44 years equally to the period before and after retirement from the SPF 0.44/2 = 0.22Adjusted multiplier is 15.95 – (18/21 x 0.22) = 15.76| 15.76 x $103,639.47 = $1,633,358.05  
14.5% from above age 55 to retirement from the SPF when the plaintiff turns
58| $5,332.11 x 16.9 x 1.145 (being Employer’s CPF for age above 55 to 60)
less 1.7% (being assumed rate of income tax) = $101,424.95| 17.75 203

##### Foot Note 203

× Table 2-6 Multipliers for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables. – 15.95
= 1.8| 1.8 x $101,424.95 = $182,564.91| Adjusted multiplier is 1.8 – (3/21 x
0.22) = 1.77| 1.77 x $101,424.95 = $179,522.16  
58 to 65| 14.5% from age 58 to age 60| $3,500 x 12 months = $42,000$42,000 x
1.145 (being Employer’s CPF for age above 55 to 60) less 1.7% (being assumed
rate of income tax) = $47,272.47| 18.84 204

##### Foot Note 204

× Table 2-6 Multipliers for Females in the Singapore Actuarial Tables. – 17.75
= 1.09| 1.09 x $47,272.47 = $51,526.99| Distributing 0.44 years equally to the
period before and after retirement from the SPF 0.44/2 = 0.22Adjusted
multiplier is 1.09 – (2/7 x 0.22) = 1.03| 1.03 x $47,272.47 = $48,690.64  
11% from above age 60 to age 65| $42,000 x 1.11 (being Employer’s CPF for age
above 60 to 65) less 1.7% (being assumed rate of income tax) = $45,827.46|
21.17 205

##### Foot Note 205

× Table 2-7 Multipliers for Females. – 18.84 = 2.33| 2.33 x $45,827.46 =
$106,777.98| Adjusted multiplier is 2.33 – (5/7 x 0.22) = 2.17| 2.17 x
$45,827.46 = $99,445.59  
-| -| -| 21.17| $1,993,919.43| 20.73| $1,961,016.44  
  
128 In summary, upon computing the appropriate multiplier and multiplicand, I
award to the plaintiff the sum of $1,961,016.44 for loss of future earnings.

Loss of retirement benefits under the INVEST Scheme

129 I turn to the issue of the assessment of damages associated with the
plaintiff’s retirement benefits from the SPF. The plaintiff claims a total of
$323,210, or alternatively, $301,440. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

PRS at para 52.

On the other hand, counsel for the first defendant submits that the plaintiff
should only be entitled to $249,186.62. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

1DCS at para 166.

130 The plaintiff, whilst she was employed with the SPF, was a participant in
the INVEST Scheme. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at para 6.

Under the INVEST Scheme, the plaintiff contributed 7.75% of her gross salary
on a monthly basis into a retirement account. The contributions would be
invested under the scheme, such that the plaintiff would have been able to
withdraw the full sum (including interest) upon retirement. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Mr Mani’s 2nd supplementary AEIC dated 7 September 2022 at para 6.

Various plans, with different levels of risk and returns, were available under
the INVEST Scheme. The plaintiff had selected the “Balanced Plan”. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 15 at S/N 5.

131 The key issue for my decision here is the average annual return the
plaintiff would have enjoyed had she participated in the INVEST Scheme until
her retirement. The counsel for the plaintiff submits that I should adopt an
average annual return of 5% per annum, or, in the alternative, 4.61% per
annum. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PCS at paras 148–151.

Counsel for the first defendant submits that I should adopt an average annual
return of 4.56% per annum. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

1DCS at para 165.

The second defendant did not submit that any specific figure should be
awarded, but made general submissions that the first defendant’s expert
witness’ projections should be adopted. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

2DCS at paras 15–20.

The third party stated that he fully concurs with the first and second
defendants’ submissions. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

3PCS at para 4.

132 The only expert who gave evidence on the computation of the INVEST
Scheme’s projected average annual return was the first defendant’s expert, Mr
Iain Potter (“Mr Potter”). Mr Potter is a chartered accountant, with
experience in forensic accounting and auditing dating back to 2003. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at pp 20–21.

133 Mr Potter was instructed to assess the likely future annual rate of return
that the plaintiff’s funds would have generated within the INVEST Scheme’s
“Balanced Plan” from the date of his report until the date that the plaintiff
would have retired from the SPF, but for the accident. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at para 4.

He was instructed to assume that the plaintiff would have retired from the SPF
between the ages of 58 and 60. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at para 4.

Mr Potter’s instructions meant that he would have to project the returns that
the plaintiff’s funds in the INVEST Scheme would have generated over around a
19 to 21-year period. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 12, paras 2.1–2.2 and p 14, para 2.8.

134 In his report dated 15 March 2023, Mr Potter estimated that the expected
annual rate of return for a “Balanced Plan” portfolio over 19 years is 4.56%,
and the expected annual rate of return over 21 years is 4.25%. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 14, para 2.8.

Under Mr Potter’s methodology, he elected to first consider the historic
performance of the INVEST Scheme’s “Balanced Plan” as disclosed in the INVEST
Scheme’s annual reports. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 13, para 2.5.

Mr Potter then compared this reported historic performance with a model he
created based on the market returns, as reported by the Investment Management
Association of Singapore and Life Insurance Association of Singapore, for key
asset classes included in the INVEST Scheme’s portfolios. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at pp 13–14, paras 2.6–2.7 and p 30; NE
dated 4 May 2023 at p 45 at line 1 to p 46 at line 5.

Mr Potter elected to consider historical data aggregated over a time horizon
of about 20 years (ie, data from 2004 to 2022 for his 19-year projection, and
2002 to 2022 for his 21-year projection). 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 12, paras 2.1–2.2 and at p 14, para
2.8.

This is because projections of market returns over the short term are subject
to significant year-to-year changes, 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 15, para 2.9.

and a longer time horizon would even out the short-term fluctuations. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 25 at lines 1–25.

Mr Potter concluded, from his analysis, that the actual historical performance
of the INVEST Scheme’s “Balanced Plan” and the expected performance of the
said plan based on his model, as computed based on market returns for the
plan’s component assets, were aligned. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 14, para 2.7.

He explained that his model, as opposed to relying purely on the historic
performance of the INVEST Scheme, provided a better projection of the future
performance of the INVEST Scheme because his model accounted for the fact that
the INVEST Scheme had changed its investment strategy to give less weight to
equities since the financial year 2017. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 64 at lines 20–30; Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April
2023 at p 12 at para 2.4.

Mr Potter further cross-checked his projections with ten-year forecasts
published by investment firms and found that his projections were consistent
with forecasts made by investment firms. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 16, paras 2.12–2.13.

135 Counsel for the plaintiff raises several issues with Mr Potter’s analysis.
Firstly, the plaintiff’s counsel points to a document issued by the HUS INVEST
Board of Trustees titled “HUS INVEST FUND Summary of Accounts for the period
14 Jul 2003 to 30 Apr 2019” (“Summary of Accounts”). 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

PCS at para 125 referring to Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January
2023 at p 31.

This document states that the annualised rate of return on the contributions
made by the plaintiff under the INVEST Scheme was 5.36%, which is a weighted
rate of return that takes into consideration the compounding effect of returns
over time. Counsel for the plaintiff submits that there is no reason to doubt
the truth of the contents of the Summary of Accounts since it was provided by
the Board of Trustees. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS at para 126.

The plaintiff’s counsel therefore submits that there is reason to question Mr
Potter’s projections, which deviate from the annualised rate of return of
5.36% stated in the Summary of Accounts. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

PCS at para 127.

The plaintiff’s counsel further submits that this figure reflects the
plaintiff’s INVEST scheme returns starting from 2003, when she joined the SPF,
until her exit from the SPF on 30 April 2019. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

PCS at para 131.

136 Mr Potter provided oral evidence at the hearing on 4 May 2023 to explain
why his projection differs from the 5.36% stated in the Summary of Accounts.
He had conducted further computations and concluded that the 5.36% annualised
rate of return reflected in the Summary of Accounts was calculated using the
period that the plaintiff was contributing to the INVEST Scheme. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 14 at line 27 to p 15 at line 10.

In other words, the 5.36% annualised rate of return was computed based on the
returns from financial years 2010 (as opposed to 2003 as the plaintiff
contends) to 2019, although the title of the relevant document specified the
period to be from 14 July 2003 to 30 April 2019. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 17 at lines 1–9.

I note that this conclusion is corroborated by a document disclosed by the
SPF, titled “INVEST Retirement Account Statement Information for Rajina Sharma
D/O Rajandran (Jul 2009 to Sep 2013)”, 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 32.

which shows that the plaintiff started making contributions to the INVEST
Scheme in July 2009. I agree with the submissions of the first defendant’s
counsel 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

1DRS at para 73.

that the reference to 14 July 2003 in the title of the Summary of Accounts 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 31.

shows that this was the first day of the plaintiff’s employment with the SPF,
and that the reference to the 30 April 2019 date is to the plaintiff’s last
day of service in the SPF.

137 Mr Potter further explained that the 5.36% figure would not be a reliable
figure for the purpose of projecting future returns because the 5.36% figure
would capture exceptionally high returns from events such as the rebound from
the global financial crisis in 2010 without capturing the downturn before
2010. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 18 at line 24 to p 19 at line 7.

In other words, the 5.36% figure does not capture the negative returns in the
earlier years of the global crisis itself and would therefore lead to a skewed
result. Furthermore, the 5.36% figure would have been derived based on the
previous investment strategy used by the INVEST Scheme. However, the
investment strategy of the INVEST Scheme has changed over time through the
offering of more plans, and the variation of the asset mix in the investment
portfolio. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 19 at lines 8–23.

For instance, whereas the INVEST Scheme’s “Balanced Plan” investment strategy
was to invest approximately 40% of funds in equities from financial years 2010
to 2016, 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at pp 36, 41, 48, 56, 64, 72 and 81.

this allocation of funds to equities was reduced to 35% from financial years
2017 to 2022. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at pp 88, 96, 102, 108, 114 and 120.

While Mr Potter’s own projections for the future took into account these
changes, 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 12, paras 2.3–2.4.

the 5.36% figure which reflected only historical data could not. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 12, paras 2.3–2.4.

In addition, whereas the 5.36% figure was computed using data from a ten-year
window (2010 to 2019), Mr Potter explained that his projections, which use a
19- and 21-year window, would allow for better averaging out of the impact of
unusual major world events that affected the rates of return. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 19 at line 27 to p 20 at line 22.

I agree with the submissions of the first defendant’s counsel 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

1DCS at para 158.

that computing the average rate of return using a longer period of 20 years is
more appropriate for a future projection of a similar period. The average
obtained from the longer period will yield a better projection.

138 I accept Mr Potter’s analysis, which is properly reasoned and
substantiated. Importantly, I note that the SPF itself does not hold out the
5.36% figure as a figure to be used for projecting the INVEST Scheme’s future
returns. When asked by the plaintiff’s solicitors what would have been the
plaintiff’s retirement sum under the INVEST Scheme at her retirement age, the
SPF stated that the final retirement sum “cannot be projected with accuracy as
it is dependent on her future salaries and the INVEST returns/dividends”. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Mr Mani’s 3rd supplementary AEIC dated 5 January 2023 at p 8 at S/N 20.

This is a clear indication that the 5.36% figure is not the projected future
annual rate of return for the INVEST Scheme. Instead, the 5.36% figure
reflects the historical returns of the INVEST Scheme for the period over which
the plaintiff participated in the scheme. In short, Mr Potter’s projections
relate to future returns and not solely to historical performance, and does
not involve, contrary to the plaintiff’s assertions, any insinuation that the
Summary of Accounts provided by the SPF was wrong.

139 Secondly, counsel for the plaintiff complains that Mr Potter, when
computing his projections, included quasi-government bonds in the projected
asset mix of the INVEST Scheme, when such bonds should have been excluded
because the INVEST Scheme could not invest in stocks, bonds or securities
issued by the Singapore government. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

PCS at paras 136 and 139–140.

Counsel for the plaintiff also complains that Mr Potter did not have
sufficient granular information about the specific investment strategy of the
fund managers of the INVEST Scheme, and that any assumptions based on past
data would be inaccurate with the change of fund managers in the financial
year 2021/2022. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

PCS at paras 138 and 140.

140 These submissions do not take the plaintiff’s counsel far. Mr Potter had
pointed out that the INVEST Scheme could invest in quasi-government bonds
issued by other countries or state bodies in other countries. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 66 at lines 23–29.

He was prepared to adjust his calculations in the midst of cross-examination
to consider the impact of the omission of quasi-government bonds from his
computations. In that regard, he found that by removing quasi-government bonds
from his computations, he ended up with a slightly lower projection of the
INVEST Scheme’s estimated annual rate of return, which would have been less
favourable to the plaintiff. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 68 at lines 16–30.

As regards the contention of the plaintiff’s counsel that Mr Potter did not
have data available to him at a sufficient level of granularity nor details on
the types of equities and bonds that the current fund managers invested in, Mr
Potter explained that the data in the annual reports show that across
financial years 2017 to 2022, the INVEST Scheme’s investment strategy for the
“Balanced Plan” was to allocate 35% of funds to equities. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at pp 88, 96, 102, 108, 114 and 120.

That is different from financial years 2010 to 2016, during which the INVEST
Scheme’s “Balanced Plan” investment strategy allocated approximately 40% to
equities. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at pp 36, 41, 48, 56, 64, 72 and 81.

His model has taken this change in investment strategy into account. For the
period between 2017 to 2022, he had used more granular data that was made
available in the annual reports for the financial years 2018 to 2020. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 41 at lines 24–30.

While the annual reports for the financial years 2021 and 2022 had less
granular data as compared to the annual reports for the financial years 2018
to 2020, Mr Potter had made an assumption that in 2021 and 2022, the INVEST
Scheme would not radically depart from the type of assets that it invested in
for the financial years 2018 to 2020. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 41 at line 24 to p 42 at line 9.

He testified that this was a reasonable assumption to make, even with a change
of fund managers in the financial year 2021/2022, because of the costs
involved in making such a change. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 42 at lines 10–29.

In response to the plaintiff counsel’s query about the omission of certain
types of assets from Mr Potter’s model, Mr Potter explained that these assets
occupied a small percentage of the INVEST Scheme’s assets, and their market
performance would likely be aligned with other assets that had already been
considered in his model. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

NE dated 4 May 2023 at p 76 at line 30 to p 77 at line 20.

Pertinently, I note that Mr Potter had cross-checked the figures he computed
with forecasts published by investment firms. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 16, paras 2.12–2.13.

While, as the plaintiff’s counsel notes, the publications against which Mr
Potter cross-checked his analysis contain disclaimers that past performance is
not a guarantee of future success, 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCS at paras 141–142.

I am of the view that it would be unreasonable to demand complete certainty
when matters of future projection are concerned. The fact that Mr Potter’s
projections are consistent, to a large degree, with forecasts published by
investment firms, adds to the reliability of his projections.

141 I note that counsel for the plaintiff has also submitted that the
plaintiff’s return on investment would change because her monthly
contributions to the INVEST Scheme would have increased as her salary
increased over time, had she continued in the SPF’s employment. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

PCS at para 131.

Mathematically, this submission is misguided. The annual rate of return or the
return on investment for a portfolio does not change regardless of how much is
invested into the portfolio. In other words, a 4.56% per annum return remains
at 4.56% per annum, regardless of the amount the plaintiff deposits into the
INVEST Scheme each month.

142 Fundamentally, I note that while the plaintiff’s counsel has sought to
poke holes in Mr Potter’s analysis, he has not offered any reasoned competing
projection of his own to justify his submission that “a conservative figure of
5%” 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PCS at para 145.

should be used for the purposes of calculating the balance in the plaintiff’s
INVEST Scheme account at the point of her retirement.

143 In his closing submissions, counsel for the plaintiff argues that if this
court rejects the 5.36% figure found in the Summary of Accounts and does not
accept his submission that the future annual rate of return of 5% should be
applied for the INVEST Scheme, 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at paras 144 and 150.

then a rate of return of at least 4.61%, which is the actual historic
performance of the INVEST Scheme based on data from financial years 2011 to
2022, should be adopted. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

PCS at paras 143–144; Mr Potter’s AEIC at p 14, footnote 11.

The plaintiff’s counsel argues that 4.61% is preferable to Mr Potter’s 4.56%
figure because there are purportedly “median figures” from Mr Potter’s report
showing that the returns from the INVEST Scheme would be higher than 4.61%.
262

##### Foot Note 262

×

PCS at paras 143–144.

I do not accept the submission of the plaintiff’s counsel as it misinterprets
Mr Potter’s expert report. Mr Potter had included data in his report showing
that median projections, based on investment firms’ forecasts, for the future
ten-year expected annual rate of return of an INVEST Scheme “Balanced Plan”
portfolio, fluctuated significantly on a year-to-year basis. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 32.

In fact, using recent forecasts from 2021 and/or 2022, the investment firms
would have forecasted a lower ten-year expected annual rate of return as
compared to Mr Potter’s estimate. Mr Potter had explained that it would not be
reliable to use these forecasts alone because the investment firms’ forecasts
were for ten- to 15-year periods and not for a 21-plus year period, which
would have left them more vulnerable to fluctuations in short-term returns.
264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 16 at para 2.13(a).

Moreover, these forecasts were volatile and changed significantly from year to
year, such that for 2021 and 2022, the median forecasted annual rates of
return were 2.97% and 3.57% respectively, as opposed to 6.31% in 2023. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Mr Potter’s AEIC dated 5 April 2023 at p 16 at para 2.13(b).

Further, as counsel for the first defendant has submitted, the 4.61% figure
included returns from some years that were based on an asset mix which differs
from the current one under the Balanced Plan. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

1DRS at paras 78–79.

144 Taken in the round, Mr Potter’s projection of 4.56% for a 19-year period
is reasonable. Accordingly, I adopt the 4.56% figure as the average rate of
return per annum. According to the first defendant’s closing submissions,
based on that average rate of return per annum, the projected payout under the
INVEST Scheme when the plaintiff retires at age 58 is $346,838.05. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

1DCS at para 166 and Annex A.

That sum is calculated based on lower monthly salaries than that which I found
above at [107]. On the basis that the plaintiff will retire from the SPF at
age 58, the multiplier based on the Singapore Actuarial Tables is 17.75. I
have accounted for the contingencies of employment leading to possible periods
of non-employment and adopted a reduced multiplier of 17.53 to compute the
plaintiff’s loss of future earnings, in accordance with the reasoning set out
at [123] above. I will adopt the same reduced multiplier in assessing the
plaintiff’s loss of retirement benefits under the INVEST Scheme, given that
the plaintiff’s entitlement to such benefits would have been tied to her
employment in the SPF and the monthly contributions from her salary into the
retirement account. Based on a 4.56% annual rate of return, I award a sum of
$296,375.58 (being $355,042.05 (see Annex A of the judgment)/21 years x
17.53). For the reasons already stated (at [74]–[93] above), I decline to
apply a 15% discount as submitted by the defendants.

Future miscellaneous supplies and transport expenses

145 I turn to the plaintiff’s claim for future miscellaneous supplies and
transport expenses.

146 The plaintiff claims a total of $111,919.03, comprising $83,683.03 for
future miscellaneous supplies and $28,236 for future transport expenses. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

PCS at para 165.

Counsel for the first defendant contends that the plaintiff should only be
entitled to a sum of $57,525.84, 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

1DRS at para 93.

comprising $33,188.64 for future miscellaneous supplies 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

1DCS at para 93.

and $24,337.20 for future transport. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

1DRS at para 93.

(1) Multiplier

147 Counsel for the plaintiff submits that in assessing future expenses, a
multiplier of 23.53 should be applied. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

PCS at paras 165 and 184.

On the other hand, counsel for the first defendant submits that a (higher)
multiplier of 23.86 should be used. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

1DCS at para 94.

148 The parties agree that the plaintiff’s future expenses should be pegged to
her remaining lifespan. As discussed at [19] above, the plaintiff’s life
expectancy was shortened by her injuries. She is expected to live up to the
age of 72, as opposed to the age of 86 for other females born in the same
year. The plaintiff can thus expect to live for a further 35 years.

149 I agree with the submissions of counsel for the first defendant. The
multiplier should be selected from Table 3 in the Singapore Actuarial Tables
in a case involving shortening of life. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

1DCS at para 94, footnote 68.

As explained in footnote 1 at page 1 of the Preface, Singapore Actuarial
Tables: 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

See also Example 6, “Future medical costs and expenses” at page 9 of the
Singapore Actuarial Tables.

… In cases where shortening of life is involved, in calculating the multiplier
for future medical expenses, a pure present value discount should be used
without consideration given to the shortened lifespan; otherwise, there would
be double deduction. For this aspect only present value discount should be
considered in the form of annuity term certain. The multiplier factors for
annuity term certain have been included in Table 3.

The multiplier based on Table 3 for a 35-year term is 23.86. Accordingly, I
adopt the multiplier of 23.86 to calculate the future expenses of the
plaintiff.

(2) Multiplicand

150 The plaintiff’s claims for future expenses are as follows:

(a) $120 per month for diapers 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 92 at lines 1–21.

and $17 per month for nappy rash cream; 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

NE dated 15 September 2022 at p 7 at lines 11–16.

(b) $100 per month to commute to her maintenance therapy sessions twice a
month, spending an average of $25 per one-way trip; 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

NE dated 15 September 2022 at p 7 at lines 7–10.

(c) $148 per month for nutritional supplements, which Mr Mani states was
recommended by the plaintiff’s dietician; 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 92 at line 22 to p 93 at line 11; PCS at para
160.

and

(d) With respect to the maintenance of the wheelchair and the commode, $1.82
per month for the wheelchair 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 96 at line 21 to p 97 at line 31 and at p 98
at lines 24–26.

and $9.55 per month for the commode. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 99 at line 3 to p 103 at line 4.

151 The first defendant’s counsel accepts the expenses incurred by the
plaintiff in relation to: (a) diapers; (b) transportation; and (c) maintenance
of her wheelchair and commode. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

1DRS at para 92 at S/N 1, 3, 5, and 6.

Accordingly, I allow the plaintiff’s claim for these expenses.

152 However, the first defendant’s counsel disagrees with the following:

(a) The monthly costs of the nappy rash cream, as the plaintiff did not
produce any evidence of such costs. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

1DCS at para 90; 1DRS at para 92 at S/N 2.

Counsel for the first defendant submits that an award of $1,500 per year for
both the diapers and the nappy rash cream would be fair. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

1DCS at para 90; 1DRS at para 92 at S/N 1 and 2.

(b) With respect to nutritional supplements, counsel for the first defendant
submits that no provision should be made for it as there is no evidence of any
medical necessity for such supplements. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

1DCS at para 89; 1DRS at para 92 at S/N 4.

153 With respect to the nappy rash cream, Mr Mani explained that the plaintiff
needs the cream as she is always in diapers and seated or lying down for long
periods of time. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

PRS at para 58.

Mr Mani testified that a tube of nappy rash cream costs about $8.50, and that
he uses one tube for at most two weeks. As such, he spends $17 on nappy rash
cream per month. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

NE dated 15 September 2022 at p 7 at lines 11–16.

The plaintiff is only claiming $17 per month for this item and there is no
reason for me to doubt Mr Mani’s evidence on how much must be incurred for the
nappy rash cream. I therefore allow the claim for nappy rash cream. As regards
the expenses for nutritional supplements, I agree with the first defendant’s
counsel that there is no evidence to show that such expenses are necessitated
by the accident. I therefore make no award for this item.

154 The calculations for the award of damages for future miscellaneous
supplies and transport expenses are set out in Table E below:

Table E

Item| Monthly costs| Annual costs  
---|---|---  
Diapers| $120| $1,440  
Nappy rash cream| $17| $204  
Transport| $100| $1,200  
Maintenance of wheelchair| $1.82| $21.84  
Maintenance of commode| $9.55| $114.60  
Total annual expenses: $2,980.44  
Total award: $2,980.44 x 23.86 = $71,113.30  
  
155 Upon applying the multiplier of 23.86, I award the sum of $71,113.30 to
the plaintiff. For the reasons already stated (at [74]–[93] above), I decline
to discount this sum by a further 15% as submitted by the defendants.

Future caregiver expenses

156 The plaintiff claims a total of $705,900 for her future caregiver
expenses. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

PCS at para 185.

Mr Mani states that he wishes to return to work and needs to hire a caregiver
to take care of the plaintiff. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at para 36; NE dated 13 September 2022 at p
18 at lines 11–13.

Counsel for the plaintiff submits that the plaintiff requires a trained
caregiver given her current level of reliance on Mr Mani. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

PCS at para 168.

The plaintiff’s counsel points out that in Dr Kong’s medical report dated 19
July 2021, Dr Kong recorded that the plaintiff would require a trained carer
to assist her with her daily living needs. The trained carer could be a
domestic helper provided with the necessary training at TTSH. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

PCS at para 170 referring to Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at p 14;
NE dated 16 September 2022 at p 40 at line 24 to p 41 at line 5.

In court, Dr Kong clarified that the carer would require about five to six
sessions of training, which would take around three to four weeks. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

NE dated 16 September 2022 at p 41 at lines 14–24.

Given the plaintiff’s volatile moods and reliance on Mr Mani as her caregiver,
the trained carer would need some time to familiarise himself or herself with
the plaintiff’s needs. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

NE dated 16 September 2022 at p 38 at lines 12–29.

Dr Kong further testified that it is unnecessary for the plaintiff to engage a
caregiver with previous experience, since Dr Kong and his medical team at TTSH
would provide the necessary training.

157 Counsel for the plaintiff submits that the current cost of a live-in
trained caregiver is about $2,500 per month. The quotation provided by one of
the agencies, Angel Maids, was a total of $1,990 per month. The breakdown is
as follows: (a) salary of $1,300; (b) levy of $60; (c) miscellaneous fees of
$150; and (d) salary for an off-day caregiver of $480 (for four hours every
week). 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 157.

Counsel for the plaintiff submits that the costs would be higher than $1,990,
as the caregiver would need scheduled rest and/or off days and home leave,
during which an interim caregiver would be required. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

PCS at para 176.

Further, the figure of $1,990 does not include insurance for the caregiver,
296

##### Foot Note 296

×

PCS at para 177.

and does not take into account agency fees payable for the hiring of new
caregivers every six years or so. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

PCS at para 178.

The plaintiff’s counsel proposes a figure of $2,500 per month, with the
breakdown as follows: (a) salary of $1,300; (b) administrative costs
(comprising levy, miscellaneous fees and interim caregiver costs) of $690; and
(c) agency fees (comprising application and other fees, cost of medical
insurance, pre-employment medical examination fees and transportation fees) of
$510. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

PCS at paras 181–182.

The plaintiff’s counsel submits that a multiplier of 23.53 is appropriate. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

PCS at para 184.

158 Counsel for the first defendant submits that the plaintiff should only be
entitled to claim $211,590.10. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

1DCS at para 103.

The first defendant’s counsel acknowledges that it is fair to compensate the
plaintiff for the costs of engaging a domestic helper who could be trained to
care for the plaintiff. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

1DCS at para 100.

Counsel for the first defendant submits, however, that $600 per month is
sufficient to cover the caregiver’s salary, since that was the amount Mr Mani
paid his current domestic helper, along with $60 for levy. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

1DCS at para 101.

Counsel for the first defendant proposes an annual figure of $10,285, with the
breakdown as follows: (a) salary of $7,200; (b) one-time agency fee of $400
per annum (assuming that the total agency fee is $2,000 and a new helper is
engaged every five years); (c) insurance fees of $165 per annum (assuming that
the total fee is $330 for 24 months); (d) levy of $720; and (e) other expenses
including medical care and cost of living of $1,800 per year. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

1DCS at para 101.

Counsel for the first defendant further submits that the costs of training at
TTSH should be provided for, and he proposes a lump sum of $3,000. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

1DCS at para 102.

With respect to interim caregiver costs, counsel for the first defendant
submits that it is unlikely that an interim caregiver would be engaged for
such short periods of time, or that the plaintiff would be receptive to an
interim caregiver. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

1DRS at paras 99 and 101.

Instead, it is reasonable to expect Mr Mani to care for his wife when the
caregiver is away on off days or home leave, since Mr Mani would be available
during the weekend, or can apply for annual leave otherwise. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

1DRS at para 102.

Finally, counsel for the first defendant submits that a (higher) multiplier of
23.86 is appropriate. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

1DCS at para 103.

159 The second defendant submits that “there is a legal basis for compensating
domestic helper costs” and agrees with the multiplicand proposed by the first
defendant. The second defendant contends, however, that the domestic helper’s
services would likely benefit the entire household rather than just the
plaintiff, such that there should be a discount applied. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

2DCS at para 21.

The second defendant also submits that there is no medical evidence to support
the plaintiff’s claim that she requires a specially trained domestic helper.
309

##### Foot Note 309

×

2DCS at para 22.3.

160 I deal first with the second defendant’s assertion that a discount should
be applied to the award for future caregiver expenses because the domestic
helper’s services would benefit the entire household and not just the
plaintiff. As noted at [24] above, Dr Kong gave evidence that the plaintiff
had suffered “a severe traumatic brain injury … with permanent impairments of
right hemiparesis, language and cognition, leading to loss of functional
independence and the need for a fulltime carer” (emphasis added). 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at p 13 (Specialist medical report
dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He (Senior Consultant, Department of
Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH Rehabilitation Centre) at p 2).

Dr Kong’s medical report dated 19 July 2021 also makes it clear that the
plaintiff would require a trained caregiver to assist her with her daily
living needs. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Dr Kong Keng He’s AEIC dated 5 July 2022 at p 14 (Specialist medical report
dated 19 July 2021 by Dr Kong Keng He (Senior Consultant, Department of
Rehabilitation Medicine, TTSH Rehabilitation Centre) at p 3).

Given the plaintiff’s limited mobility and heavy dependence on others for her
activities of daily living, it is obvious that the plaintiff’s caregiver will
have to devote her whole attention to the plaintiff. Indeed, Dr Kong indicated
in his report that the plaintiff needs a “fulltime carer”. There is therefore
no basis for any discount as submitted by the second defendant.

161 As for the provision of an interim caregiver, I find that it is not
reasonable to demand that Mr Mani spend all his weekends and his annual leave
entitlement to fill in for the caregiver whenever the caregiver is away on off
days or home leave. I accept that Mr Mani will be able to attend to the
plaintiff, and indeed, given the evidence on how he has been devoted to caring
for the plaintiff, Mr Mani will likely take care of the plaintiff when her
caregiver is not available. However, it will be reasonable to provide Mr Mani
and the plaintiff’s family with support on the days that the plaintiff’s
caregiver is away, and some buffer for times when Mr Mani is also unavailable.
In this regard, I find the plaintiff’s claim for the costs of engaging an
interim caregiver for four hours, which will cover part of the time that the
caregiver is away on off days, to be reasonable, and I will allow this item of
the plaintiff’s claim. For similar reasons, I will also allow the plaintiff’s
claim for the costs of engaging an interim caregiver when the plaintiff’s
caregiver is away on home leave. In this regard, I will allow a provision of
six hours for seven days per year. This is fair considering that Mr Mani will
have to attend to the plaintiff’s needs for the rest of each day and night in
each of those weeks that the plaintiff’s caregiver is away on home leave.

162 I award damages for future caregiver expenses of $400,848. This figure
comprises the following:

(a) Salary of $650 per month or $7,800 per year. This is within the range of
$600 to $1,000 based on a quote from Active Global Caregiver, which is another
agency that Mr Mani was in contact with. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 156; NE dated 15 September 2022 at p 25
at line 15 to p 26 at line 4.

Based on Active Global Caregiver’s quote, and the fact that Mr Mani testified
to paying his current helper $600 per month, 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 70 at lines 1–7.

I find that $650 is reasonable to cover the caregiver’s salary. I also note
that the plaintiff did not provide any reason why the quote provided by Angel
Maids should be preferred to that provided by Active Global Caregiver.

(b) Levy of $60 per month or $720 per year. This is based on the levy
currently paid by Mr Mani for his domestic helper. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

NE dated 14 September 2022 at p 70 at lines 1–7.

(c) Insurance of $165 per year. This is based on the cost of insurance of $330
for 24 months, as submitted by counsel for the first defendant, 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

1DCS at para 101.

which is quite close to the quote of $292 for 26 months provided by Active
Global Caregiver. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at p 156.

(d) Living expenses, including biannual medical checkups, of $150 per month or
$1,800 per year. This is based on the miscellaneous expenses submitted by the
plaintiff, 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

PCS at paras 175 and 181.

as well as the expenses covering medical care and cost of living submitted by
counsel for the first defendant. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

1DCS at para 101(e).

(e) Interim caregiver for weekends of $400 per month or $4,800 per year.
According to the quotations provided by both Active Global Caregiver and Angel
Maids, part-time help would cost at least around $25 per hour. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 156–157.

On the basis that a part-time caregiver would be required for four hours every
weekend and that each hour will cost $25, this adds up to $400 per month.

(f) Interim caregiver for home leave of $1,050 per year, on the basis that the
plaintiff’s caregiver will be away on home leave for at least one week each
year and a part-time caregiver would be required for six hours each day for
seven days.

(g) It is assumed that agency fees of $2,800 will be incurred every six years
as submitted by the plaintiff, or about $465 per year. Active Global Caregiver
quoted $2,675 while Angel Maids quoted $2,800 for agency fees. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 156–157.

I have taken the higher quote of $2,800 as the expected costs, considering
that the estimate that the plaintiff will need to hire a new helper every six
years is a fairly conservative one. Counsel for the first defendant has
estimated that a new helper will be engaged every five years.

163 With respect to the multiplier, as explained at [149] above, 23.86 is the
correct multiplier to apply.

164 The calculations for the award of damages for future caregiver expenses
are set out in Table F below:

Table F

Expense| Costs per year  
---|---  
Salary| $7,800  
Levy| $720  
Insurance| $165  
Living expenses| $1,800  
Interim caregiver for weekends| $4,800  
Interim caregiver for home leave| $1,050  
Agency fee| $465  
Total| $16,800 (or $1,400 per month)  
Multiplied by 23.86| $400,848  
  
165 Upon applying the appropriate multiplier of 23.86, I award to the
plaintiff the sum of $400,848 for her future caregiver expenses. For the
reasons already stated (at [74]–[93] above), I decline to discount this sum by
a further 15% as submitted by the defendants.

Special damages

Pre-trial transport expenses

166 The plaintiff claims a total of $12,532.76 for pre-trial transport
expenses. This includes the plaintiff’s transport expenses when travelling to
and from TTSH for her follow-up medical treatment in the sum of $11,588.36,
321

##### Foot Note 321

×

PCS at paras 201(a) and 201(c).

and flight tickets for the plaintiff and Mr Mani to travel to and from Beijing
for stem cell therapy in the sum of $944.40. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

PCS at para 201(b) referencing Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at para 47.

As the claim for the flight tickets was subsequently withdrawn, 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

PRS at para 101.

I make no order on this claim.

167 Counsel for the first defendant submits that the plaintiff should only be
entitled to claim $10,800 for her transport expenses, based on monthly
estimates of such expenses. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

1DCS at para 181.

Counsel for the first defendant explains that based on the receipts, the
plaintiff’s trips to and from the hospital work out to about five times a
month. Assuming that each roundtrip costs $30, the total sum of $10,800 for an
average of five roundtrips per month from 2017 to 2022 is fair. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

1DCS at para 181.

168 I do not accept the calculations of the counsel for the first defendant,
which are based on monthly estimates of the plaintiff’s transport expenses
instead of actual transport expenses incurred by the plaintiff. Having
reviewed the receipts for transport expenses from March 2017 to April 2022, I
find that they add up to $11,311.02. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at pp 211–379.

As such, I award the sum of $11,311.02.

Pre-trial medical equipment expenses

169 As the parties are in agreement, I award the sum of $8,196.31 for the
plaintiff’s pre-trial medical equipment expenses.

Pre-trial loss of earnings of the plaintiff

170 The plaintiff claims the sum of $315,458.84 for pre-trial loss of earnings
from 1 May 2019 to 13 September 2022. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

PCS at para 189.

She uses the same method as her computation under the head of damages for loss
of future earnings for the first period from 37 years old to 43 years old (see
[95] above). 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

PCS at para 187.

171 Counsel for the plaintiff submits that her monthly income would be
$7,801.95, which is derived from the monthly average of her annual income from
her Notices of Assessment for 2016 and 2017 (ie, for income earned from 1
January 2015 to 31 December 2016), adding employer’s CPF contributions and
deducting income tax. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

PCS at paras 187–189.

She thereby arrives at the sum of $315,458.84 by multiplying the figure for
her monthly income by 40 months and 13 days. Her computation is as follows:

Year| Monthly income| No. of months| Annual Salary  
---|---|---|---  
2019 (1 May 2019 to 31 December 2019)| $7,801.95| 8 months| $62,415.60  
2020| $7,801.95| 12 months| $93,623.40  
2021| $7,801.95| 12 months| $93,623.40  
2022 (1 January 2022 to 13 September 2022) | $7,801.95| 8 months and 13 days| $65,796.44  
Total pre-trial loss of income| $315,458.84  
  
172 Counsel for the first defendant contends that the sum of $275,777.13 is
appropriate. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

1DRS at para 106.

This is based on the plaintiff’s last drawn gross monthly salary of $4,858.45,
adding to that employer’s CPF contributions and a provision of three months’
bonuses for each year from 2019 to 2021, and deducting income tax. Counsel for
the first defendant thereby arrives at the total sum of $275,777.13 by
multiplying the figure for the plaintiff’s monthly income by 40.5 months. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

1DRS at para 106.

The first defendant counsel’s computation is as follows:

Year| Last drawn gross monthly salary| No. of months (inclusive of 3 months
bonuses except for 2022)| Salary inclusive of employer’s CPF| Less income tax|
Annual salary  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
2019| $4,858.45| 11| $62,528.25| ($1,400.00)| $61,128.25  
2020| $4,858.45| 15| $85,265.80| ($1,400.00)| $83,865.80  
2021| $4,858.45| 15| $85,265.80| ($1,400.00)| $83,865.80  
2022| $4,858.45| 8.5| $48,317.29| ($1,400.00)| $46,917.29  
Total pre-trial loss of income| $275,777.13  
  
173 Essentially, the plaintiff’s method is based on what she had actually
earned, as evidenced by her Notices of Assessment for 2016 and 2017 (ie, what
she had earned in 2015 and 2016), which included her salary, bonuses as well
as allowances and other emoluments, before adding employer’s CPF contributions
and deducting taxes. On the other hand, the first defendant counsel’s method
is based on the plaintiff’s last drawn gross salary and a provision of a total
of three months’ bonuses annually, before adding employer’s CPF contributions
and deducting taxes.

174 I have already dealt with the plaintiff’s suggested method of computation
based only on her Notices of Assessment for 2016 and 2017 and explained why it
would be more appropriate to consider the average of her salary based on her
Notices of Assessment for 2016 to 2019 (at [115] above). The same observations
apply here. I have also explained why the first defendant counsel’s proposed
method of computation, which provides only three months’ bonuses, would lead
to an under compensation (at [112]–[113] above). I therefore reject both
methods of computation, in favour of using the average of what the plaintiff
had received, based on her Notices of Assessment for 2016 to 2019 (for income
earned from 2015 to 2018) as the basis for the assessment of her pre-trial
loss of earnings. The plaintiff’s Notices of Assessment for the years after
2019 are not used because her employment with the SPF was terminated in 2019.
The average of the plaintiff’s yearly income for 2015 to 2018 is as shown in
Table B at [116] above, which I reproduce for ease of reference:

Year of Assessment| Year income was earned| Basic Salary| Annual Assessment
Amount  
---|---|---|---  
2016 332

##### Foot Note 332

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2016, for income earned in 2015. | 2015| $50,363.40| $81,141  
2017 333

##### Foot Note 333

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2017, for income earned in 2016 before the accident on 2 November 2016. | 2016| $52,999.40| $82,069  
2018 334

##### Foot Note 334

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2018, for income earned in 2017 while she was not in active service.  | 2017| $55,530.40| $76,073  
2019 335

##### Foot Note 335

× Based on the plaintiff’s NOA 2019, for income earned in 2018. | 2018| $57,486.40| $77,005  
Total| $216,379.60| $316,288  
Average| $54,094.90 or $4,507.91 per month| $79,072 or 17.54 months of the
average basic salary  
  
175 I calculate the plaintiff’s loss of pre-trial earnings for 2020
separately. It is the plaintiff’s own case in her counsel’s reply submissions
that in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there were no mid-year and year-
end bonuses paid to civil servants. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

PRS at para 25.

Hence, in computing the plaintiff’s income for 2020, I deduct the average of
1.28 months (ie, 0.49 + 0.79 months) of the plaintiff’s monthly salary, being
the average of her mid-year and year-end bonuses from 2015 to 2018.

176 I cross-check the average numbers for the mid-year, year-end and
performance bonuses for 2015 to 2018, which I use for the assessment of pre-
trial loss of earnings here, against the average numbers for the same over a
much longer term, between 2006 and 2018. I note that the numbers are
comparable, as may be seen from Table G below:

Table G

Period| Average performance bonus| Average mid-year bonus| Average year-end
bonus| Total average bonuses  
---|---|---|---|---  
2006 – 2018 337

##### Foot Note 337

× Based on the figures in Table A. | 1.76 months| 0.43 months| 0.80 months| 2.99 months  
2015-2018 338

##### Foot Note 338

× Based on the figures in Table A. | 1.73 months| 0.49 months| 0.79 months| 3.01 months  
Comparison between the 2 periods| Difference of 0.02 months or 0.6 days  
  
177 I award to the plaintiff the sum of $300,291.34 for her pre-trial loss of
earnings. I set out my calculations for the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of
earnings in Table H below, which comprise the following:

(a) The average of the plaintiff’s annual income for 2015 to 2018, as
reflected in her Notices of Assessment for 2016 to 2019, is $79,072 (see Table
B). I add to that a sum of $13,442.24, being employer’s CPF contributions at
17%, 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

PCS at para 110; 1DCS at paras 135–136.

to obtain a total of $92,514.24. I deduct from that a sum of $1,572.74 for
income tax, assumed at 1.7%, to arrive at an annual income of $90,941.50 or
amonthly income of $7,578.46.

(b) For the period between 1 May 2019 and 13 September 2022, excluding the
year 2020, I multiply the monthly average income of $7,578.46 by 28.5 months
(ie, 40.5 months – 12 months in 2020) to derive the plaintiff’s loss of income
in the sum of $215,986.11.

(c) For the 12 months in 2020, I deduct 1.28 months, being the average mid-
year and year-end bonuses for 2015 to 2018, from the average annual salary of
$79,072. That deduction amounts to $5,770.12 ($4,507.91 being the average
monthly salary for 2015 to 2018 x 1.28 months) to arrive at the income of
$73,301.88 for 2020. I add to that a sum of $12,461.32, being employer’s CPF
contributions at 17%, 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

PCS at para 110; 1DCS at paras 135–136.

to obtain a total of $85,763.20. I deduct from that a sum of $1,457.97 for
income tax, assumed at 1.7%, to arrive at an annual income of $84,305.23.

(d) Adding $215,986.11 and $84,305.23 together, the total loss of pre-trial
earnings is $300,291.34.

Table H

Period| Annual average income| Employer’s CPF contributions at 17%| Less
income tax at 1.7%| Monthly average income| Multiply by 28.5 months  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 May 2019 to 12 September 2022, but excluding 2020| $79,072| $13,442.24|
$1,572.74| $7,578.46| $215,986.11  
| Income for 2020  
For year 2020| $73,301.88| $12,461.32| $1,457.97| 7,025.44| $84,305.23  
Total pre-trial loss of earnings| $300,291.34  
  
Pre-trial loss of earnings of the plaintiff’s caregiver

178 The plaintiff claims for the pre-trial loss of earnings of Mr Mani, who
stopped working to care for the plaintiff. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

PCS at paras 190, 191 and 197.

Prior to the accident, Mr Mani was earning a gross monthly salary of $3,640.
342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at para 50 and p 381.

He was on no-pay leave from 1 May 2017 to 31 August 2017 to care for the
plaintiff, after she was discharged and returned home on 11 March 2017. He
tendered his resignation on 21 August 2017 to tend to the plaintiff full-time
from 2 September 2017 onwards. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

PCS at paras 190–191.

179 Relying on AOD and Pollmann, Christian Joachim v Ye Xianrong [2021] 5 SLR
1111 (“Pollmann v Ye Xianrong”), the plaintiff “claims for her
Representative’s pre-trial loss of income in two parts”. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

PCS at para 197.

Counsel for the plaintiff argues that as the primary caregiver of the
plaintiff, Mr Mani should be entitled to his full salary for the period when
he was on no-pay leave (ie, 1 May 2017 to 31 August 2017) and to the salary a
trained caregiver would have received for the subsequent period (ie, 2
September 2017 to 13 September 2022). 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

PCS at paras 192–199.

The plaintiff claims a total of $93,079.60, being $14,560 for the first period
of four months that Mr Mani was on no-pay leave based on Mr Mani’s monthly
salary (ie, $3,640 x 4) and $78,519.60 for the subsequent period of 60 months
and 12 days based on a caregiver’s monthly salary of $1,300 (ie, $1,300 x 60
months and 12 days). 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

PCS at para 199.

180 Counsel for the first defendant submits that the plaintiff’s claim for Mr
Mani’s pre-trial loss of earnings should not be allowed. In Pollmann v Ye
Xianrong, the court held that the only route for a plaintiff to recover his
caregiver’s loss of income is to characterise the caregiver’s loss as the
plaintiff’s own loss (at [253]). The loss of the plaintiff is, in this regard,
the need for care (at [255]). Counsel for the first defendant asserts,
however, that the loss being claimed by the plaintiff here has been
characterised as being “‘her Representative’s pre-trial loss of income’ i.e.
Mr Mani’s loss of income” [emphasis in original], 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

1DRS at para 110.

and therefore, the claim is still that of Mr Mani’s. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

1DRS at paras 108–110.

181 Counsel for the first defendant also submits that the claim should not be
allowed because Mr Mani is both the tortfeasor and the caregiver. The first
defendant (ie, Mr Mani) has already compensated the plaintiff by providing
gratuitous care. If the court were to order the first defendant to pay damages
to the plaintiff under this head of claim, the first defendant would be paying
double compensation. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

1DCS at paras 174–175.

It is further argued that ordering the first defendant to pay damages would
result in a circularity of payment. Since the purpose of allowing the
plaintiff to claim the pre-trial loss of earnings of her caregiver is to allow
the caregiver to receive proper remuneration for his services, an award of
damages against the first defendant in favour of the plaintiff would
ultimately flow back to the hands of the first defendant, thus rendering the
award superfluous. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

1DCS at paras 175–176.

182 I deal first with the contention that the plaintiff’s claim should fail
due to her alleged failure to characterise Mr Mani’s loss as the plaintiff’s
own loss. This can be disposed of quickly. It is clear from the plaintiff’s
submissions that the plaintiff is seeking compensation for her own loss, being
the costs of meeting the need for care that was created by the accident, when
she claims “for her Representative’s pre-trial loss of income”. The
plaintiff’s counsel makes references to Mr Mani’s loss in his submissions for
the purpose of quantifying the plaintiff’s loss in the amount of the pre-trial
loss of income of Mr Mani. Hence, his submissions must be read in that
context. I therefore do not accept this argument raised by counsel for the
first defendant.

183 I also do not accept the argument that awarding damages for pre-trial loss
of earnings of the plaintiff’s caregiver in the present case would result in
the defendants paying double compensation and in circularity of payment. In my
judgment, where services are volunteered to another family member in need out
of affection, devotion or a sense of duty by a family member who is also the
tortfeasor (“tortfeasor-family member”), the situation should be treated in
the same manner as where gratuitous services are provided by third parties out
of sympathy or the goodness of their hearts. If the tortfeasor-family member
is not providing the services as a tortfeasor seeking to pay or mitigate
damages arising from his tortious act, it would be inaccurate to characterise
and treat such services as compensation or payment in the discharge of legal
liability, or as giving rise to double compensation. There is also no
circularity of payment because damages are awarded to compensate the plaintiff
for the plaintiff’s loss and to meet the plaintiff’s needs, and not to
compensate the tortfeasor-family member. A tortfeasor-family member who is
acting out of affection, devotion or duty when caring for the plaintiff does
so with no expectation of getting paid by the plaintiff to begin with. I
elaborate.

184 In support of his arguments, counsel for the first defendant relies on the
Singapore High Court case of Gul Chandiram Mahtani and another (administrators
of the estate of Harbajan Kaur, deceased) v Chain Singh and another [1998] 2
SLR(R) 801 (“Gul Chandiram”). In that case, the first defendant was driving
his wife and daughter when they got into an accident that caused the death of
his wife. The administrators of the estate of the wife commenced a loss of
dependency claim against the first defendant and his insurer, whereby one of
the claims sought was the cost of providing for the daughter during the pre-
trial period. In view of the fact that the first defendant there had been
providing for the daughter during that period, the court held that the
plaintiff could not recover such costs as “to order the first defendant to pay
for the expenses of looking after the daughter for the period up to trial
would amount to making the first defendant pay double compensation” (at [25]).
In coming to its decision, the court referred (at [25]) to the House of Lords
decision of Hunt v Severs [1994] 2 AC 350 (“Hunt v Severs (HL)”).

185 In Hunt v Severs (HL), the plaintiff was seriously injured whilst riding
pillion on a motorcycle ridden by the defendant. The defendant, who was the
plaintiff’s boyfriend, looked after her at the hospital and thereafter. In the
plaintiff’s action for damages for personal injuries, the defendant admitted
liability but disputed the claims for travelling expenses and the claim for
services rendered and to be rendered by him. The trial judge allowed these
claims, and his findings were affirmed by the English Court of Appeal in Hunt
v Severs [1993] 3 WLR 558 (“Hunt v Severs (CA)”). Sir Thomas Bingham MR (as he
then was) held in Hunt v Severs (CA) that the damages recoverable by an
injured plaintiff from a tortfeasor are compensatory in nature (at 569). Where
a tortfeasor who is also a family member of the plaintiff gratuitously renders
services to a plaintiff, such services are “in the same category as services
rendered voluntarily by a third party, or charitable gifts, or insurance
payments”, which are “not to be regarded as diminishing the plaintiff’s loss”
(at 570).

186 On appeal, the House of Lords disagreed and held that where care has been
provided by the tortfeasor, there is no ground in public policy to require the
tortfeasor to pay damages to the plaintiff in respect of care that he himself
has provided. This was because the underlying rationale of awarding damages is
to enable the plaintiff to compensate the caregiver for his services. In this
regard, it was held that a plaintiff who recovers such damages should hold
them on trust for the caregiver who provided gratuitous services. Lord Bridge
of Harwich at 357–358 of Hunt v Severs (HL) stated that:

… Difficult questions may arise when the plaintiff’s injuries attract benefits
from third parties. According to their nature these may or may not be taken
into account as reducing the tortfeasor’s liability. The two well established
categories of receipt which are to be ignored in assessing damages are the
fruits of insurance which the plaintiff himself has provided against the
contingency causing his injuries (which may or may not lead to a claim by the
insurer as subrogated to the rights of the plaintiff) and the fruits of the
benevolence of third parties motivated by sympathy for the plaintiff’s
misfortune. The policy considerations which underlie these two apparent
exceptions to the rule against double recovery are, I think, well understood:
see, for example, Parry v. Cleaver [1970] AC 1, 14, and Hussain v. New Taplow
Paper Mills Ltd [1988] AC 514, 528. But I find it difficult to see what
considerations of public policy can justify a requirement that the tortfeasor
himself should compensate the plaintiff twice over the self-same loss. …

187 At 363 of Hunt v Severs (HL), Lord Bridge further stated that:

… [In] both England and Scotland the law now ensures that an injured plaintiff
may recover the reasonable value of gratuitous services rendered to him by way
of voluntary care by a member of his family… But it is nevertheless important
to recognise that the underlying rationale of the English law, as all the
cases before Donnelly v. Joyce [1974] Q.B. 454 demonstrate, is to enable the
voluntary carer to receive proper recompense for his or her services and I
would think it appropriate for the House to take the opportunity so far as
possible to bring the law of the two countries into accord by adopting the
view of Lord Denning M.R. in Cunningham v. Harrison [1973] Q.B. 942 that in
England the injured plaintiff who recovers damages under this head should hold
them on trust for the voluntary carer.

By concentrating on the plaintiff's need and the plaintiff's loss as the basis
of an award in respect of voluntary care received by the plaintiff, the
reasoning in Donnelly v. Joyce diverts attention from the award's central
objective of compensating the voluntary carer. Once this is recognised it
becomes evident that there can be no ground in public policy or otherwise for
requiring the tortfeasor to pay to the plaintiff, in respect of the services
which he himself has rendered, a sum of money which the plaintiff must then
repay to him. …

[emphasis added]

188 By characterising the payment as intended for the caregiver, focus is
shifted away from the fact that the gratuitous care given by a tortfeasor-
family member is also the fruit of benevolence. Also, by taking the view that
the award of damages is to compensate the caregiver, the House of Lords found
that one of the reasons to deny recovery to the plaintiff would be circularity
of payment or futility of having the tortfeasor-family member pay an amount
which is to be paid back to the tortfeasor-family member.

189 I will first address the argument that awarding damages for pre-trial loss
of earnings of the plaintiff’s caregiver would result in circularity of
payment. The position in Singapore is that a plaintiff is entitled to claim
for a caregiver’s loss of income not because it is the caregiver’s loss, but
because it is the injured plaintiff’s loss (Lee Wei Kong (by his litigation
representative Lee Swee Chit) v Ng Siok Tong [2012] 2 SLR 85 (“Lee Wei
Kong”)). In the words of the Court of Appeal in Lee Wei Kong at [53]:

It is well-established that this head of damage is recoverable not because it
is the [caregiver’s] loss, but because it is the [plaintiff’s] loss, being the
reasonable cost of meeting the need created by the tort: see Donnelly v Joyce
[1974] QB 454 (“Donnelly”) and Kuan Kian Seng v Wong Choon Keh [1995] SGHC 43…

[emphasis in original]

190 In Lee Wei Kong, the plaintiff was an 18-year-old boy who was knocked down
by the respondent’s taxi (at [2]). The plaintiff’s mother quit her job as a
part-time teacher to care for him (at [54]). Referring to Donnelly v Joyce
[1974] QB 454 (“Donnelly v Joyce”), the Court of Appeal held that the head of
damage sought, ie, the loss of income of the plaintiff’s mother, was
recoverable, as it was the plaintiff’s loss (at [53]).

191 Donnelly v Joyce was a case concerning a six-year-old plaintiff boy, whose
mother had given up her job to care for the plaintiff. In holding that the
plaintiff was permitted to claim for his mother’s loss of wages, Megaw LJ
emphasised (at 461H–462C) that the loss was wholly the plaintiff’s:

We do not agree with the proposition … that the plaintiff’s claim, in
circumstances such as the present, is properly to be regarded as being … ‘in
relation to someone else’s loss,’ merely because someone else has provided to,
or for the benefit of, the plaintiff—the injured person—the money, or the
services to be valued as money, to provide for needs of the plaintiff directly
caused by the defendant’s wrongdoing. The loss is the plaintiff’s loss. …
[emphasis in original]

192 It is notable that Lee Wei Kong was decided 18 years after the House of
Lord decision of Hunt v Severs (HL). The Court of Appeal in Lee Wei Kong
referred to Donnelly v Joyce and placed similar emphasis on a plaintiff’s loss
as the basis of an award in respect of voluntary care received by the
plaintiff, instead of characterising the award as payment intended for the
caregiver or for the compensation of the caregiver. More recently, in Pollmann
v Ye Xianrong, the High Court also referred to Donnelly v Joyce and held at
[255] that the loss which the defendant’s tort had inflicted is the need for
care and that the measure of damage for that loss is the proper and reasonable
costs of meeting the plaintiff’s need for care. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

1DRS at para 109.

193 It was observed by the learned Judge in AOD (a minor suing by his
litigation representative) v AOE [2016] 1 SLR 217 at [89] that regardless of
the position in England as to whether damages for gratuitous services should
be held on trust for caregivers, the position in Singapore is that a
plaintiff’s loss, being the need for care created by the tort, may be directly
recoverable as damages for the reasonable value of the services rendered, even
if such services were offered gratuitously by friends or family members (at
[86]–[89]). Given that the award of damages is for the plaintiff’s loss and
meant to fund the plaintiff’s needs, and that the damages will in all
likelihood go towards aiding the family in their care for the plaintiff, I am
of the view that the award should not be considered as flowing back to the
hands of the defendant. There is therefore no circularity of payment. Further,
a tortfeasor-family member who is acting out of affection, devotion or duty
when caring for a plaintiff, as in the case of Mr Mani, does so without
expectation of payment or reimbursement from the plaintiff.

194 The first defendant will also not be regarded as paying double
compensation, which is the other main argument made by counsel for the first
defendant. Where a tortfeasor-family member volunteers services out of
affection, devotion or a sense of duty to care for and attend to a plaintiff
as another family member in need, it would be inaccurate to characterise and
treat the tortfeasor-family member’s services in such a situation as
compensation or payment in the discharge of legal liability. In other words,
the tortfeasor-family member’s services are not provided to pay off the
damages due to the plaintiff. Such services are instead of the same nature,
and should be regarded in the same way, as “the fruits of the benevolence of
third parties motivated by sympathy for the plaintiff’s misfortune”, a well-
recognised exception to the rule against double recovery (Hunt v Severs (HL)
at 358).

195 The role undertaken by a tortfeasor-family member when providing
gratuitous care to a plaintiff and the motivation for providing such care were
taken into account in Dodds v Dodds [1978] 1 QB 543 (“Dodds v Dodds”). This
was a decision raised by the plaintiff in Gul Chandiram. Although the court in
Gul Chandiram ultimately declined to follow Dodds v Dodds, instead adopting
the principles in Hunt v Severs (HL), I find the reasoning in Dodds v Dodds to
be compelling. There, the tortfeasor’s negligence had led to the death of her
husband in a car accident. Following her husband’s death, the tortfeasor
obtained full-time employment which enabled her to maintain her son’s previous
standard of living. In considering counsel’s argument that the tortfeasor’s
earnings used to support the plaintiff’s son should be treated as payments
voluntarily made by the tortfeasor in an attempt to mitigate the damage she
caused, Balcombe J considered (at 552) that there was no evidence that the
tortfeasor worked because she was “conscious of being a tortfeasor who
want[ed] to make up to her son the loss she [had] caused him; she work[ed]
simply as a widow who [had] a child to support” [emphasis added].

196 In the same vein, in Hunt v Severs (CA), Sir Thomas Bingham MR (as he then
was) considered the motivation of and role assumed by a tortfeasor who is also
a caregiver in characterising services that were gratuitously provided to a
plaintiff as benefits that do not diminish a plaintiff’s loss (at 570):

Where services are voluntarily rendered by a tortfeasor in caring for the
plaintiff from motives of affection or duty they should in our opinion be
regarded as in the same category as services rendered voluntarily by a third
party, or charitable gifts, or insurance payments. They are adventitious
benefits, which for policy reasons are not to be regarded as diminishing the
plaintiff’s loss. On the facts of the present case the judge’s decision was
not in our view contrary to principle or authority and it was fortified by
what we regard as compelling considerations of public policy. …

[emphasis added]

197 Counsel for the first defendant argues that Dodds v Dodds should be
distinguished on the grounds that it concerned a loss of dependency claim,
while the present case involves an injured victim requiring special care. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

1DFS at para 8.

I am not persuaded by this argument. The first defendant’s counsel has not
furnished any reasons to justify the distinction that he has drawn, nor
explained how any legal principle from Dodds v Dodds only pertains to
dependency claims, and not to a case such as the present. Counsel for the
first defendant has in fact himself relied on the case of Gul Chandiram, which
concerned dependency claims, to advance his arguments for the same issue.

198 Counsel for the first defendant further argued that there is no need for
this court to consider whether a tortfeasor is acting as a tortfeasor
mitigating his liability or as a spouse or other family member acting out of
affection, devotion or a sense of duty, as this would “bring into the fray a
subjective element to the test when deciding such claims”. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

First defendant’s further submissions dated 3 January 2024 (“1DFS”) at para 6.

In particular, counsel for the first defendant contends the following: 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

1DFS at para 11.

The introduction of a subjective test would be an ineffective control
mechanism, as a tortfeasor-family member with recourse to insurance monies
could be expected to make self-serving statements to secure payment. Likewise,
if there was no insurance money available, for example because the accident
involved a cyclist or a user of a Personal Mobility Device (PMD) who is not
statutorily required to purchase liability insurance, one may expect the
tortfeasor to be giving evidence that he or she always intended for the value
of his care to reduce the money damages payable as he or she would be
personally exposed to make compensation.

199 I do not agree with the first defendant counsel’s submission. The
hypothetical which counsel for the first defendant relies on does not take the
matter very far. It is necessarily the case that the court will have to
consider the specific facts of each case when assessing the damages to be
awarded under any head of claim. In so far as this involves characterising the
nature or purpose of a payment made or service rendered, this is the type of
analysis the court commonly engages in. In conducting the analysis, the court
will look beyond a tortfeasor’s word, examine the evidence of the parties, and
reach the necessary conclusions. Having to do so cannot be a reason to
disregard the distinction between a service provided to the plaintiff out of
affection, devotion or a sense of duty as a concerned family member responding
to another family member in need, as opposed to as a tortfeasor seeking to pay
or mitigate damages in the discharge of his legal liability.

200 In any event, the scenario postulated by counsel for the first defendant
does not arise in the present case. The evidence before the court clearly
supports a finding that, when Mr Mani was on no-pay leave from 1 May 2017 to
31 August 2017 and when he tendered his resignation on 21 August 2017 to care
for the plaintiff full-time from 2 September 2017 onwards, he did so as a
family member acting out of affection, devotion and a sense of duty. The
plaintiff required his care and Mr Mani provided it. The evidence is clear
that Mr Mani is an attentive husband who has spared little effort in looking
after the plaintiff. These were also the observations of both the plaintiff’s
and the defendant’s doctors. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

NE dated 16 September 2022 at p 21 at line 8 to p 22 line 15, at p 38 at lines
13 to 19; Dr Ho Kee Hang's Supplementary AEIC dated 9 September 2022 at p 4.

Pertinently, there is nothing in evidence to suggest that Mr Mani was acting
to discharge his liability as a tortfeasor or that he was acting any
differently from relatives and friends who could come forward to help out of
sympathy or concern. There is therefore no reason to treat the care provided
by Mr Mani any differently from gratuitous services rendered by third parties
for which the plaintiff may directly recover.

201 For the reasons above, I disagree with the first defendant counsel’s
argument that the plaintiff’s claim will result in the first defendant paying
compensation twice over as Mr Mani is both the tortfeasor and the plaintiff’s
caregiver, and I respectfully take a different view from Gul Chandiram and
Hunt v Severs (HL).

202 In reaching this conclusion, I have taken into account an additional
factor. I note that the decision in Hunt v Severs (HL) denying damages for
gratuitous services to a tortfeasor-caregiver was recommended for statutory
reversal by The Law Commission in Damages for Personal Injury: Medical,
Nursing and other Expenses; Collateral Benefits (November 1999) (“The Law
Commission Report”). As identified in The Law Commission Report (at paras
1.12, 2.27 and 3.70–3.71), a practical consequence of the decision in Hunt v
Severs (HL) is that it may encourage a plaintiff to turn down the care of the
tortfeasor-family member, and to, instead, seek commercial care since he would
then be able to secure an award of damages. This step may be taken by the
plaintiff even if the tortfeasor-family member is the best placed to provide
the necessary care. This was also considered by Bingham MR in Hunt v Severs
(CA) (at 570):

Arguments based on public policy are notoriously treacherous. But it would, we
think, be unfortunate if the law gave plaintiffs an incentive, which their
advisers would quickly recognise, to rely on the paid help or the voluntary
services [of] third parties rather than the voluntary services of those in the
position of the defendant. It would be no less regrettable if the law were to
encourage the making of contracts between plaintiffs and those in the position
of the defendant. …

203 Counsel for the first defendant submits that the legislation proposed by
The Law Commission Report that damages should not be reduced merely because
care had been given gratuitously by a defendant (clause 1 of the draft Bill,
Appendix A of The Law Commission Report) was never enacted, 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

1DFS at para 25.

and contends that the concerns highlighted in The Law Commission Report would
not arise as significantly in the Singapore context, given the possibility in
Singapore of engaging a foreign domestic worker to care for an injured
plaintiff. Counsel for the first defendant also points to the fact that the
duty to mitigate losses would militate against claims in which a plaintiff
opted for institutional care over other cheaper options. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

1DFS at paras 18–20.

204 I respectfully agree with the views of Bingham MR that it would be
regrettable if the law should incentivise plaintiffs to seek paid or
commercial help or refuse care voluntarily provided by tortfeasor-family
members in order to preserve their claims for damages. I fail to see how the
option to hire a foreign domestic worker in Singapore goes towards addressing
the concern. Counsel for the first defendant’s contentions miss the point that
denying recovery creates a strong disincentive for a plaintiff to rely on a
tortfeasor-family member’s care, even where the tortfeasor-family member may
be best placed to care for the plaintiff, or where it may be in the best
interest of the plaintiff for the tortfeasor-family member to provide such
care. As for the first defendant counsel’s submission on a plaintiff’s duty to
mitigate losses, that is a separate issue from whether a plaintiff may claim
for the value of services provided gratuitously by a tortfeasor-family member.

205 Accordingly, I reject the first defendant’s submission that the
plaintiff’s claim under this head of damage should be denied because Mr Mani
is both tortfeasor and caregiver. Leaving aside the fact that the defendants’
insurers will get a windfall by saving on a pay-out that they would otherwise
be obligated to make, it will be wholly unfair for the plaintiff to be denied
her claim only because Mr Mani has acted faithfully, and out of his love for
his wife. The defendants should pay for the cost of Mr Mani’s care. I award
the plaintiff a total of $93,080 in damages that arises as the reasonable cost
of meeting the plaintiff’s need created by the tort. The calculations are as
follows:

(a) For the period from 1 May 2017 to 31 August 2017, when Mr Mani was on no-
pay leave, I award damages of $14,560. This is computed by multiplying Mr
Mani’s monthly gross salary of $3,640 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Mr Mani’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 at para 50 and p 381.

by four months. On the facts, I find that it is reasonable for Mr Mani to
personally tend to the plaintiff in the first few months after the plaintiff’s
discharge from the hospital, and that the loss of salary of 4 months is the
reasonable costs for meeting the need for care created by the tort.

(b) For the period from 2 September 2017 to 13 September 2022, after Mr Mani
had resigned from his job to care for the plaintiff, I award damages of
$78,520. This is based on the plaintiff’s claim for $1,300 each month, which
is close to the monthly quantum allowed for the plaintiff’s future costs of
engaging a helper (as I have found above at [162]), and not unreasonable.
Multiplying $1,300 by 60 months and 12 days (ie, $1,300 x 60 months +
($1,300/30 days) x 12 days), I arrive at the sum of $78,520.

Conclusion

Damages awarded to the plaintiff

206 The damages awarded to the plaintiff are as set out in Table I below:

Table I

S/N| Item category / description| Damages awarded  
---|---|---  
1| Pain and suffering| $236,000  
2| Loss of future earnings of the plaintiff| $1,961,016.44  
3| Loss of retirement benefits under the SPF INVEST Scheme| $296,375.58  
4 | Future miscellaneous supplies and transport expenses| $71,113.30  
5| Future caregiver expenses| $400,848  
6| Pre-trial transport expenses| $11,311.02  
7| Pre-trial medical equipment expenses| $8,196.31  
8| Pre-trial loss of earnings of the plaintiff| $300,291.34  
9| Pre-trial loss of earnings of the plaintiff’s caregiver | $93,080  
Total damages| $3,378,231.99  
  
Interest payable to the plaintiff and costs

207 I will hear parties on the issues pertaining to interest payable to the
plaintiff and costs.

Teh Hwee Hwee  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Lalwani Anil Mangan and Nachiappan Shanmugam Ganesan (DL Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;

Teo Weng Kie and Shahira binte Mohd Anuar (Securus Legal LLC) for the first
defendant;

Tay Boon Chong Willy (Willy Tay’s Chambers) for the second defendant;

Koh Keh Jang Fendrick, Christine Chiam and Wee Anthony (Titanium Law Chambers
LLC) for the third party.

Annex A

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 20 Feb 2024 (18:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

