Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 10

Suit No 418 of 2018

Between

| Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| JG Jewelry Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Counterclaim

Between

| JG Jewelry Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

(1)| Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| The Jewelry Company  
(3)| TJC Jewelry, Inc  
(4)| Govind Dholakia  
(5)| Rahul Dholakia  
(6)| Nirav Narola  
(7)| Amit Shah  
(8)| Ashish Shah  
  
… Defendants in counterclaim

Suit No 475 of 2018

Between

| Shaileshkumar Manubhai Khunt  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Michael Bernard Kriss  
---|---  
(2)| David Miles Kriss  
(3)| JG Jewelry Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Counterclaim

Between

| JG Jewelry Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

| Shaileshkumar Manubhai Khunt  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

judgment

[Contract — Formation — Certainty of terms]

[Restitution — Unjust enrichment — Failure of consideration — Counter-
restitution]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders]

[Companies — Directors — Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt Ltd

  
v

  

JG Jewelry Pte Ltd and another suit

[2024] SGHC 10

General Division of the High Court — Suit Nos 418 of 2018 and 475 of 2018  
Chua Lee Ming J  
14–17, 20–24, 27–28 February, 1–2, 6–10, 14–15, 21 March, 27 April 2023

18 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 These proceedings involve two related actions – HC/S 418/2018 (“S 418”) and
HC/S 475/2018 (“S 475”). The company at the heart of the disputes is
incorporated in Singapore but the other parties to the disputes hail from
India, the United States and Hong Kong.

2 S 418 involves a claim for the price of diamonds and diamond jewellery sold
and delivered to the Singapore company, and a counterclaim alleging that the
Singapore company was incorporated pursuant to a joint venture agreement and
that the diamonds and diamond jewellery represented contributions towards
capital pursuant to the agreement. The joint venture agreement is disputed.

3 S 475 involves an oppression claim by a shareholder (and director) of the
Singapore company and a counterclaim for breach of director’s duties. One of
the issues is whether the plaintiff in S 475 is a nominee shareholder and
director for the plaintiff in S 418, and if so, how that affects the
oppression claim.

4 It is alleged that the joint venture agreement was concluded by a handshake
and the utterance of the word “mazal”, which is a recognised practice of
entering into contracts in the diamond industry. The traditional phrase used
is “mazal and bracha” but “mazal” or “mazel” is used for short. Sealing a deal
with an uttered “mazal” may have the appealing ring of a time-honoured
practice. However, it is no substitute for a properly drafted agreement, all
the more so when the transaction is a complex one (as it was in this case).
Ignoring the need for proper legal documentation in this case was just poor
management of the legal risks.

Parties in S 418 and S 475

5 The parties in S 418 are as follows:

(a) Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt Ltd (“SRK”) is the plaintiff, and the first
defendant in counterclaim. SRK is a company incorporated in India. It is in
the business of manufacturing and trading in jewellery and precious stones
including cut and polished diamonds and/or polished natural diamonds and/or
diamond studded jewellery and/or diamond and coloured stone studded jewellery.

(b) JG Jewelry Pte Ltd (“JGJ”) is the defendant, and the plaintiff in
counterclaim. It is a company incorporated in Singapore and is in the business
of trading jewellery and precious stones.

(c) The Jewelry Company (“TJCI”) is the second defendant in counterclaim and
the plaintiff in its own counterclaim against JGJ. It is a partnership
registered in India and is in the business of manufacturing, sales and
marketing of diamond studded jewellery.

(d) TJC Jewelry, Inc (“TJCNY”) is the third defendant in counterclaim. It is a
company incorporated in the US and is in the business of sales and marketing
of jewellery, including diamonds.

(e) Mr Govind Dholakia (“Govind”) is the fourth defendant in counterclaim. He
is an Indian national and is the founder, Chairman and a director of SRK.

(f) Mr Rahul Dholakia (“Rahul”) is the fifth defendant in counterclaim. He is
an Indian national and is a Managing Director of SRK and a partner of TJCI.
Rahul is Govind’s nephew.

(g) Mr Nirav Narola (“Nirav”) is the sixth defendant in counterclaim. He is an
Indian national and is an employee of SRK and a partner of TJCI. Nirav is
Govind’s grandson and Rahul’s nephew.

(h) Mr Amit Shah (“Amit”) is the seventh defendant in counterclaim. He is an
Indian national and is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and a partner of
TJCI.

(i) Mr Ashish Shah (“Ashish”) is the eighth defendant in counterclaim. Ashish
is a US national and is the sole shareholder and President of TJCNY.

6 The parties in S 475 are as follows:

(a) Mr Shaileshkumar Manubhai Khunt (“Shailesh”) is the plaintiff and also the
defendant in counterclaim. He is an Indian national who is resident in Hong
Kong and is a shareholder and director of JGJ.

(b) Mr Michael Bernard Kriss (“Michael”) is the first defendant. He is a US
national and is a shareholder and director of JGJ.

(c) Mr David Miles Kriss (“David”) is the second defendant. He is a US
national and is a shareholder and director of JGJ. David is Michael’s younger
brother.

(d) JGJ is the third defendant and the plaintiff in counterclaim.

Background facts

7 SRK operates, among other things, a sales office for its loose diamonds
business at the Bharat Diamond Bourse in Mumbai (“SRK-BDB”) and a jewellery
manufacturing factory in Sachin, which is near Surat, India (“SRK-Sachin”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 122:1–14, 124:25–125:12.

8 TJCI operates a jewellery manufacturing factory in the Santacruz Electronic
Export Processing Zone (“SEEPZ”) in Mumbai, India. SEEPZ is a special economic
zone with tax incentives for factory sales. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 128:10–15.

TJCI is the jewellery arm of SRK and is known in the market as a company
within the SRK group. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 93:25–94:2, 125:15–22.

9 TJCNY is the marketing affiliate of TJCI and helps to market the latter’s
products in the US. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 94:3–20.

10 In this judgment, I shall refer to SRK-Sachin, TJCI and TJCNY as the “SRK
Entities”. It is worth emphasising that although SRK-Sachin and SRK-BDB are
just different businesses of the same entity (SRK), for present purposes, SRK-
BDB is not part of the SRK Entities.

11 Michael and David (together, the “Kriss Brothers”) own and control the
following entities in the US (the “JDM Entities”):

(a) JDM Import Co Inc (“JDM”);

(b) MG Worldwide LLC (“MG Worldwide”);

(c) Miles Bernard, Inc (“Miles Bernard”); and

(d) Asia Pacific Jewelry, LLC (“AP Jewelry”).

The JDM Entities operate a New York family-owned jewellery business, selling
jewellery wholesale to major retailers in New York and elsewhere in the US,
Canada, United Kingdom and Australia. The business was established by
Michael’s and David’s father. Michael and David are Co-Presidents of the JDM
Entities.

12 The JDM Entities operate under the trade name “Instock Programs” (or
“Instock” for short) and sell to major jewellery retailers in New York and
around the US; their clients include Macy’s, Zales and Sterling Jewelers
(which owns Kay Jewelers). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 15.

13 Shailesh worked for SRK from 2005 to 2007. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 87:7–17, 89:8–11.

He is now a director of S Goldi (Asia) Limited (“S Goldi”), a company
incorporated in Hong Kong. S Goldi is the marketing arm of SRK. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 66:10–13.

The other director is one Mr Mansukhbhai Bhikhabhai Budheliya (“Mansukhbhai”),
who is also the sole shareholder of the company. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

11 JCB 20 and 24.

14 Since around 2000, the Kriss Brothers had been purchasing diamonds, diamond
studded jewellery and diamond and coloured stone jewellery from SRK.

15 In December 2014, the Kriss Brothers met with Rahul. The details of what
was discussed are in dispute. Michael claims that Rahul proposed a joint
venture between the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities (the “JV”) in which the
JDM Entities and the SRK Entities would contribute selected assets,
liabilities and activities to the JV. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at paras 34–35.

Michael also claims that during one of the meetings, Rahul shook hands with
David and him, uttering “mazel”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 38.

Rahul claims that the Kriss Brothers proposed a closer partnership in which
SRK would benefit from the Kriss Brothers’ experience and marketing network in
the US, and the JDM Entities would have a more stable production line. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Rahul’s AEIC in S 418, at paras 10–11.

Rahul denies uttering “mazal” and says that they merely decided to explore the
opportunity. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, 20 February 2023, at 13:16–19; Rahul’s AEIC in S 418, at para 12.

16 In early January 2015, Nirav, Amit and Ashish met up with the Kriss
Brothers for further discussions in New York. Michael claims that it was
agreed pursuant to these discussions that the operation of the JV would
commence on 1 April 2015. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 41.

17 On 13 January 2015, Amit sent an email 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1 JCB 34.

to the Kriss Brothers, attaching a document dated the same day and titled
“Joint Venutre [sic] Between JDM Group and The Jewelry Co. (SRK Group)” (the
“13 January Memo”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1 JCB 35–36.

The effect of this document is in dispute.

18 The Kriss Brothers made a trip to Mumbai, India on 27–28 January 2015 and
met with, among others, Govind. Michael claims that the purpose of the trip
was to visit Govind to obtain his “blessings” for the joint venture. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 39.

However, Govind claims that he was only introduced to the Kriss Brothers as a
matter of courtesy. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Govind’s AEIC in S 418, at para 23.

19 On 31 March 2015, JGJ was incorporated in Singapore with an issued share
capital of US$100 comprising 100 ordinary shares. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

11 JCB 13–16.

(a) Shailesh holds 50 shares; Michael and David hold 25 shares each.

(b) Mr Ng Chee Wooi Michael (“Ng”) was appointed as a director of JGJ on 31
March 2015.

(c) Shailesh, Michael and David were appointed as directors on 15 April 2015.

20 Ng is a nominee resident director of JGJ. A Resident Director Indemnity
Agreement dated 1 April 2015 (the “RDI Agreement”) states that Shailesh and
the Kriss Brothers requested Ng to act as the resident director. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

10 JCB 533–536.

The RDI Agreement also provides that Ng is to act upon the instructions of Mr
Jim Goldsborough (“Jim”) as the Authorized Person designated by Shailesh and
the Kriss Brothers. Jim was the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of JDM.

21 In April 2015,

(a) SRK purchased a 26% stake in TJCI through its subsidiary, Ramkrishna Goldi
Pvt Ltd; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 7.

(b) TJCNY moved to the JDM Entities’ office in New York and operated from
there until 8 October 2017; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ashish’s AEIC in S 418, at para 38.

and

(c) the bookkeeping, accounting and other back-office functions of JGJ and the
JDM Entities (to the extent the functions could be carried out in India) were
transferred to and undertaken by a team employed by TJCI; whether this team
reported to Amit or to the Kriss Brothers is in dispute.

22 In May 2015, JGJ opened a bank account with the Israel Discount Bank in New
York (“JGJ’s IDBNY Account”). The signatories of this account were Amit,
Ashish, Jim, David and Michael; any one of them could authorise payments to be
made from the account. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 59.

At all material times, JGJ did not have a bank account in Singapore.

23 It is not disputed that with effect from 1 April 2015, there was some form
of business collaboration between the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities.
However, the parties dispute the nature of the collaboration. JGJ and the
Kriss Brothers say that the collaboration was pursuant to a joint venture
agreement entered into on 13 January 2015 (the “JVA”) under which, among other
things, the diamonds and jewellery supplied by the SRK Entities to JGJ were to
be treated as capital in the JV. The SRK Entities say that the collaboration
was a business arrangement (“BA”) under which, among other things, SRK sold
diamonds and jewellery to JGJ while they concurrently negotiated with the
Kriss Brothers on the terms of the JV.

24 On 11 May 2016, S Goldi transferred US$500,000 to Shailesh. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

10 JCB 96.

In turn, Shailesh transferred US$200,000 and US$300,000 to JGJ on 11 May 2016
and 13 May 2016 respectively. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

10 JCB 97–98.

On 19 May 2016, S Goldi transferred another US$200,000 to Shailesh. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

10 JCB 99.

On the same day, Shailesh transferred US$200,000 to JGJ. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

10 JCB 103.

In the remittance forms, the moneys transferred by Shailesh to JGJ were
described as “Capital Introduction”. Whether the total sum of US$700,000 was
an injection of funds into JGJ by Shailesh or SRK is in dispute.

25 Issues arose from an accounting exercise in 2016. The reason for the
accounting exercise is in dispute. JGJ’s case is that the accounting exercise
was an accounting reconciliation conducted pursuant to the JVA. However, SRK’s
case is that the accounting exercise was to test and determine whether the BA
was a success, and if so, whether it could be replicated in a potential joint
venture as envisaged by the Kriss Brothers. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Rahul’s AEIC in S 418, at para 19.

26 In September 2016, JGJ engaged KPMG (an Indian partnership and member of
the KPMG international network) to carry out the accounting exercise. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

4 JCB 443.

KPMG started work on its engagement in November 2016 and eventually withdrew
in October 2017, citing difficulties in getting “the required support / data
from the [finance] team.” 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

7 JCB 321–322.

27 By August 2017, the collaboration between the SRK Entities and the JDM
Entities had lost whatever sparkle it may have had. During a meeting in August
2017, Rahul, Amit and Nirav informed the Kriss Brothers of SRK’s decision to
terminate the collaboration. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 33.

The collaboration was terminated on 31 August 2017.

28 By then, SRK had supplied diamonds and diamond jewellery to JGJ in respect
of which the invoiced amounts totalled US$66,394,768.91. SRK issued the
invoices to JGJ but the goods were shipped by SRK directly to the JDM Entities
or other entities directed by them. Of the invoices:

(a) between October 2015 and August 2017, JGJ paid a total amount of
US$42,994,312.66 on invoices issued between 15 September 2015 and 14 April
2017 (the “42M Invoices”); 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Exhibit P6.

and

(b) a total amount of US$23,400,456.25 remains unpaid on invoices issued
between 2 September 2016 and 2 August 2017 (the “23M Invoices”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) in S 418 (“S 418 SOC”), Annex 1. The
invoice dated 2 September 2016 is at s/n 31 of Annex 1.

29 SRK’s claim in S 418 is for the amount unpaid on the 23M Invoices. It is
not disputed that all of the diamonds and diamond jewellery in the 42M
Invoices and the 23M Invoices were received by the JDM Entities. There is also
no dispute over the quality of the goods.

30 Separately, TJCI had supplied diamond jewellery and associated services to
JGJ and a total amount of US$2,211,077.91 remains unpaid on invoices issued
between 8 October 2016 and 1 August 2017 (the “2.2M Invoices”). TJCI claims
this amount against JGJ in TJCI’s counterclaim in S 418. Again, it is not
disputed that the goods and services were delivered; there is also no dispute
over the quality of the goods and services.

Events after the collaboration was terminated

31 After the collaboration was terminated, Ashish’s access to the JDM
Entities’ office was terminated. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ashish’s AEIC in S 418, at para 72.

32 On 28 December 2017, TJCNY commenced action in New York against the JDM
Entities to, among other things, recover loose diamonds and fine jewellery
that were stored in the JDM Entities’ vault at their office (the “2017 US
Proceedings”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 198 and Exhibit MBK-43; 298 AB 110–124.

Ashish claimed the goods belong to TJCNY whilst the JDM Entities claimed that
the goods were subject to the claims of the JV.

33 On 12 January 2018, Michael sent to JGJ’s auditors, M/s AT Adler (“AT
Adler”), a copy of JGJ’s revised financial statements for FY 2016 (the “2016
FS”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

7 JCB 358–361.

Michael explained that the initial copy of the financial statements did not
correctly reflect the financial position of the company. Jim sent a copy of
the letter to Shailesh via email on the same day. Shailesh claims that he did
not see Jim’s email until sometime in or around April 2018. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at para 95.

34 On 22 January 2018, the Kriss Brothers signed a JGJ directors’ resolution
(the “First Resolution”) authorising them to commence and manage legal
proceedings against TJCNY on behalf of JGJ to recover an amount of
US$3,733,503.43 owing by TJCNY (the “TJCNY Debt”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

7 JCB 362.

35 Shailesh did not sign the First Resolution. By way of a letter dated 6
February 2018 from his solicitors to the Kriss Brothers, Shailesh objected to
the First Resolution because, among other things, it was not supported by
relevant background documents or information. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

7 JCB 371–373.

36 On 15 February 2018, the Kriss Brothers and Ng signed a JGJ directors’
resolution authorising the Kriss Brothers to commence and manage legal
proceedings against SRK and TJCI to recover excessive charges that the Kriss
Brothers believed were the responsibility of SRK or one of its affiliates (the
“Second Resolution”). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

7 JCB 374–375.

The preamble in the Second Resolution referred to Shailesh as SRK’s nominee
director in JGJ, holding his shares in JGJ on behalf of SRK and alleged SRK
and TJCI of manipulating the pricing of goods billed to JGJ.

37 Shailesh did not sign the Second Resolution. By way of a letter dated 21
February 2018 from his solicitors to the Kriss Brothers, Shailesh objected to
the Second Resolution. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

7 JCB 379–381.

Shailesh alleged that the allegations that he was SRK’s nominee and that
SRK/TJCI had manipulated the prices were baseless.

38 Thereafter, the Kriss Brothers’ solicitors (M/s Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC)
responded to Shailesh’s solicitors (M/s Collyer Law LLC) in relation to
Shailesh’s objections to the First and Second Resolutions. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

7 JCB 382–384, 438–441.

Shailesh’s solicitors also traded barbs with Ng’s solicitors, M/s David Ong
and Partners.

39 On 1 March 2018, SRK’s lawyers in India, M/s K Ashar & Co (“K Ashar”),
wrote to JGJ to demand payment of the outstanding invoices plus interest. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

7 JCB 395–404.

On 8 March 2018, JGJ’s US solicitors, M/s Moses & Singer LLP (“Moses &
Singer”), replied to K Ashar, setting out JGJ’s case based on the JV; an
identical letter dated 11 March 2018, with a Notary’s stamp, was also sent. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

7 JCB 451–462.

40 On 5 March 2018, Shailesh received an email from AT Adler enclosing the
draft 2016 FS, an earlier email dated 1 March 2018, and directors’ resolutions
approving the 2016 FS and the calling of an Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

7 JCB 405–434.

The email dated 1 March 2018 pointed out the “Disclaimer of Opinion” and the
“Basis of Disclaimer of Opinion” in the 2016 FS. In brief, the auditors did
not express an opinion on the 2016 FS as they had not been able to obtain
sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion.
The auditors also noted the disagreements between the directors and
shareholders.

41 The Kriss Brothers and Ng signed a JGJ directors’ resolution dated 6 March
2018 (the “Third Resolution”) approving JGJ’s audited accounts for FY 2016 and
resolving that the Second AGM be convened. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

7 JCB 436–437.

42 On 8 March 2018, K Ashar issued a letter of demand on behalf of TJCI for
US$2,211,079.91 (see [30] above).

43 On 27 March 2018, JGJ and the JDM Entities commenced action in New York
against the SRK Entities for, among other things, damages in excess of US$40
million arising from their failure to transfer assets and profits to JGJ in
breach of the JVA, the TJCNY Debt (US$3,733,503), and damages in excess of
US$20 million arising from the SRK Entities’ failure to contribute equally to
the JV (the “2018 US Proceedings”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at para 135 and Exhibit MBK-67; 298 AB 129–160.

44 On 4 April 2018, notice was given that an AGM of JGJ would be held on 19
April 2018 to adopt the 2016 FS. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

7 JCB 466.

Shailesh objected to the 2016 FS.

45 On 11 April 2018, Shailesh received a copy of the Third Resolution. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at para 153 and Exhibit MBK-74; 235 AB 345–346.

Shailesh did not sign the Third Resolution.

46 The AGM was held on 19 April 2018 and the 2016 FS was adopted. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at para 163 and Exhibit MBK-79; 10 JCB 413–416.

Shailesh did not attend the AGM, whether by himself or by proxy.

47 On 23 April 2018, SRK filed S 418.

48 On 30 April 2018, Jim sent a JGJ Board resolution to Shailesh for his
signature (the “Fourth Resolution”). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

8 JCB 307–309.

The Fourth Resolution sought, among other things, to appoint solicitors to act
for JGJ and to authorise the Kriss Brothers to act on behalf of JGJ in
relation to S 418. Shailesh did not sign the Fourth Resolution. In an email
dated 3 May 2018 to the Kriss Brothers and Ng, Shailesh protested against the
Fourth Resolution, giving various reasons. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

8 JCB 315–316.

49 On 4 May 2018, Shailesh filed S 475.

Parties’ cases in S 418

SRK’s claim

50 SRK’s case is that:

(a) The diamonds and diamond jewellery set out in the 23M Invoices were sold
to JGJ at the prices stated in the invoices and JGJ had agreed to these
prices. Therefore, JGJ is liable to pay the sum of US$23,400,456.25 that is
still outstanding on the 23M Invoices.

(b) Alternatively, SRK is entitled to a restitutionary claim for payment of
reasonable compensation.

51 JGJ’s pleaded defence is that the JDM Entities, the SRK Entities and JGJ
entered into the JVA on 13 January 2015. The alleged agreed terms of the JVA
were as follows: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) in S 418 (“S 418 D&CC”), at para 10.

(a) The shares in JGJ would be held equally between the JDM Entities and the
SRK Entities.

(b) All income and expenses generated by each of the JDM Entities and the SRK
Entities pursuant to the JV were to be for the account of the JV.

(c) Any and all jewellery and/or other goods supplied by the SRK Entities
and/or the JDM Entities pursuant to the JV would be treated as capital in the
JV. The supplying party would issue an invoice to JGJ with the goods priced at
cost plus a specified mark-up to cover other related costs (eg, marketing,
duties and taxes) and some profit (the “Cost-Plus Pricing”). The Cost-Plus
Pricing was for the purposes of complying with any applicable tax requirements
(including transfer pricing treatment) as well as to enable the parties to
maintain proper records of the goods supplied. The invoices were not intended
to create any liability on the part of JGJ to pay on the invoices. The
invoices were also necessary to enable SRK to export and ship the goods out of
India.

(d) The SRK Entities would carry out a full accounting reconciliation at the
end of each year (the “Accounting Reconciliation”). This would involve:

(i) adjustments being made where necessary to the aggregate values of the
goods supplied as between the parties to reflect the Cost-Plus Pricing;

(ii) the net profits or losses being determined and apportioned equally
between the SRK Entities and the JDM Entities; and

(iii) valuing the goods supplied to the JV at cost for the purposes of
determining the net profits or losses under the JV.

(e) The JDM Entities and the SRK Entities would each maintain a capital
account with the JV. The contributions by the JDM Entities and the SRK
Entities to the JV, including cash injections and goods supplied to the JV
(valued at cost) would go into their respective capital accounts. The JDM
Entities and the SRK Entities may make cash withdrawals from the JV with the
knowledge and/or consent of the other party. Such cash withdrawals would
reduce the balance in the relevant capital account.

(f) From the second year of the JV (ie, from 1 April 2016), if either of the
SRK Entities’ or the JDM Entities’ equity in their respective capital accounts
is more than 50% of the combined sum in the capital accounts, the party that
contributed more than 50% would be entitled to payment of a monthly interest
of 1% of the equity surplus, from the other party.

(g) The backroom and accounting responsibilities of JGJ would be undertaken by
the SRK Entities at their back-office in India. To this end, SRK’s
representatives, Amit and Ashish, were appointed as authorised signatories to
JGJ’s IDBNY Account and were authorised to review and approve transactions and
to release payments under the IDBNY Account.

52 According to JGJ, it was incorporated pursuant to the JV.

53 JGJ’s case is that the SRK Entities failed to conduct the Accounting
Reconciliation during the course of the JV. Alternatively, JGJ says that
following the termination of the JV and JVA, it was understood between the
parties that there was to be a final reconciliation and settlement of accounts
to be carried out (the “Termination Settlement Exercise”). JGJ says that it is
not liable to pay on the 23M Invoices until either the Termination Settlement
Exercise or the Accounting Reconciliation has been conducted.

54 JGJ further claims that even if there is no JV or the terms of the JVA do
not address how the goods under the 23M Invoices are to be dealt with, SRK is
not entitled to claim reasonable compensation in respect of the 23M Invoices
because (a) SRK is estopped from doing so, (b) JGJ has changed its position,
(c) JGJ is entitled to counter-restitution and/or (d) SRK has come to court
with unclean hands.

55 SRK denies the JV/JVA. SRK’s case is that the parties entered into
negotiations on the terms of the JV which did not materialise. Concurrently,
the parties agreed to enter into the BA, the key features of which were as
follows: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) in S 418 (“S 418 R&DCC”),
at paras 12e–12i; Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 15.

(a) The book-keeping and accounting for the sale of diamonds and diamond
jewellery pursuant to the BA would be kept in India and administered by
persons reporting to and taking instructions from the Kriss Brothers and their
representatives.

(b) SRK would sell diamonds and diamond jewellery to JGJ and JGJ would in turn
sell the same to companies controlled and/or owned by the Kriss Brothers.

(c) A two-step process would be implemented to ensure timely payment of
invoices issued by SRK/TJCI to JGJ (the “Two-Step Payment Process”). The Two-
Step Payment process involved:

(i) the Kriss Brothers’ representative setting up payment requests on IDBNY’s
web portal for payments to be made to SRK; and

(ii) one of the parties holding the security tokens issued by IDBNY, ie, Amit,
Ashish, Jim, David and Michael (see [22] above), would subsequently release
the payments.

(d) TJCI’s marketing affiliate, TJCNY, would operate out of the JDM Entities’
office in New York.

56 SRK claims that JGJ was incorporated pursuant to the BA and was for the
Kriss Brothers’ personal tax benefit as well as to consolidate purchases from
SRK/TJCI. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

S 418 R&DCC, at para 12f; Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 11.

JGJ’s counterclaim

57 JGJ claims as follows:

(a) The SRK Entities acted wrongfully and in breach of the JVA by: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

S 418 D&CC, at paras 11 and 20.

(i) issuing the 23M Invoices and the 42M Invoices at prices that were not
based on Cost-Plus Pricing;

(ii) procuring JGJ to pay the 42M Invoices; and

(iii) demanding payment of the 23M Invoices.

(b) One or more of TJCNY, TCJI, Govind, Rahul, Nirav, Amit and/or Ashish (the
“S 418 Counterclaim Defendants”) induced the breaches of the JVA set out in
(a) above. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

S 418 D&CC, at paras 23–24.

(c) One or more of the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants conspired, through lawful
or unlawful means, to injure JGJ and procured: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

S 418 D&CC, at paras 27 and 32.

(i) SRK to issue the 23M Invoices and the 42M Invoices at prices that were not
based on Cost-Plus Pricing (see [51(c)] above); and

(ii) JGJ to pay the 42M Invoices and SRK to demand payment of the 23M
Invoices, despite knowing that JGJ was not liable to make payment on the 42M
Invoices and 23M Invoices.

58 The S 418 Counterclaim Defendants deny JGJ’s counterclaim. The case for the
S 418 Counterclaim Defendants (other than TJCNY and Ashish) is as set out in
[55]–[56] above. In addition, they argue that in any event, JGJ has no
standing to make a counterclaim based on the JVA because JGJ is not a party to
the JVA, and JGJ cannot rely on the Contracts (Rights of third Parties) Act
2001 (2020 Rev Ed).

59 The case for TJCNY and Ashish is that TJCNY was not a party to the alleged
JV and that their roles were to facilitate and assist administratively in the
commercial arrangement between SRK/TJCI and the JDM Entities.

TJCI’s counterclaim

60 TJCI’s counterclaim is similar to SRK’s claim. TJCI claims the amount of
US$2,211,077.91 based on the 2.2M Invoices. Further or in the alternative,
TJCI claims that it is entitled to a restitutionary claim for payment of a
reasonable compensation.

61 JGJ’s defence relies on the JV/JVA and is similar to its defence against
SRK’s claim on the 23M Invoices.

Issues in S 418

62 The issues in S 418 are as follows:

(a) Whether the SRK Entities and the JDM Entities entered into the JVA or the
BA, and if a JVA, whether

(i) TJCNY was a party to the JVA; and

(ii) there was a concluded and legally enforceable JVA?

(b) Whether JGJ has standing to enforce the JVA?

(c) What is JGJ’s liability and/or claim in respect of the 23M Invoices, 42M
Invoices and 2.2M Invoices?

(d) Whether the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants are liable to JGJ for inducing
breaches of the JVA?

(e) Whether the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants are liable to JGJ for conspiracy
to injure JGJ?

Whether the SRK Entities and the JDM Entities entered into the JV or the BA

63 In my judgment, the evidence overwhelmingly proves that the collaboration
between the SRK Entities and the JDM Entities was based on the JV and that the
BA was a concoction by Amit, Nirav and Rahul.

The 13 January Memo was all about a joint venture

64 In December 2014, the Kriss Brothers and Rahul met and discussed a
collaboration. This led to Nirav, Amit and Ashish meeting up with the Kriss
Brothers in New York in early January 2015 for further discussions.
Subsequently, Amit sent the 13 January Memo to the Kriss Brothers. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1 JCB 35–36.

The 13 January Memo is clear evidence that the parties had agreed to enter
into a joint venture:

(a) The title of the 13 January Memo was “Joint Venutre [sic] Between JDM
Group and the Jewelry Co. (SRK Group)”.

(b) The 13 January Memo stated the following:

…

The Jewelry Co. (TJC) & JDM have agreed to enter into a joint venture to
produce and sell Jewelry worldwide.

The SRK management has given their blessings ...

…

[emphasis added]

(c) The 13 January Memo contained “General Terms” and “Partnership Terms” as
well as matters to be discussed, all of which could only refer to a joint
venture, and not the alleged BA. In particular, it contained the following
“General Terms” and “Partnership Terms”:

General Terms:

1) The suggested date of the JV of 1st March should be re considered as it
would be too soon for the JV to bear the current expenses. …

2) Till the date of final JV JDM to reduce back office expenses & transfer
back office work to India in a phased manner.

3) JDM to transfer products suitable to be manufacture by TJC immediately.

4) TJC to add manpower & staff required to support JDM back office
immediately.

…

6) All excess inventory can be purchased by new co. from both old co. based on
requirement and market value.

7) JV co. will keep office size of 3K – 4K sq. ft. TJC NY operation will be
moved to new JV co.

8) All current salaries & expenses to be relooked and renegotiated.

…

Partnership Terms:

1) 50% TJC & 50% JDM partnership with 50-50% investment.

…

3) Balance sheet & profit calculated once a year …

65 In his oral testimony, Amit claimed that he used the term “JV” without
knowing what it meant. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 122:6–9.

However, this is inconsistent with his evidence in his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief (“AEIC”) that the 13 January Memo was prepared in anticipation of the
contemplated JV. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 12a.

I have no doubt that Amit knew what the term “JV” meant. He was an experienced
businessman involved in a business that was international. Further, the
contents of the 13 January Memo are self-explanatory and show that Amit must
have known what the term “JV” meant.

66 Amit also claimed that: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 12a.

(a) only points 2, 3, 4 and 7 of the “General Terms” in the 13 January Memo
were implemented as part of the BA; and

(b) key terms of the JV, including those set out under “Partnership Terms),
eg, the term “50% TJC & 50% JDM partnership with 50-50% investment”, were not
implemented.

67 I reject Amit’s claims. I find that the BA is a concoction (see [155]
below). Further, points 2 and 4 of the “General Terms” deal with the transfer
of JGJ’s and the JDM Entities’ back-office functions to India. I find that the
transfer of the back-office functions to India was consistent with the JV but
not the BA (see [102]–[106] below). Finally, the balance sheet template and
balance sheets that were prepared in 2016 and 2017 are consistent with the
equal partnership between the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities (see
[134]–[147] below).

Correspondence between the parties show that the parties proceeded on the
basis of a joint venture

68 There are numerous contemporaneous emails that show that the parties
intended and proceeded on the basis of a joint venture. Nothing in these
emails support the alleged BA.

69 On 15 January 2015 (two days after sending the 13 January Memo), Amit wrote
to the Kriss Brothers, raising questions including how to “announce the JV to
customers”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1 JCB 39.

Amit first explained that this was a reference to a potential JV in the
future, and subsequently said that his use of the term “JV” referred to a
“close business relationship”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 161:22–162:19.

As stated earlier, I find that Amit understood what a “JV” was.

70 On 23 January 2015, Amit sent an email to the Kriss Brothers, attaching a
document titled “Agenda in Mumbai” for the Kriss Brothers’ visit to Mumbai on
27–28 January 2015. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1 JCB 45–46.

The items in the Agenda included the following:

• Discuss and finalize JV Name

• How to Announce to Clients/Industry about JV

• Decide on Vegas Show

…

• Discuss and finalize legal composition of JV

• Discuss and finalize Diamond qualities and pricing. Full and Single Cuts

…

71 On the same day, Mr Divyesh Patel (“Divyesh”), an employee of TJCI, sent an
email to the Kriss Brothers, copied to Amit. The email attached a proposed
itinerary of the Kriss Brothers’ schedule in Mumbai on 27–28 January 2015. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1 JCB 47–48.

The itinerary included a two-hour slot on 27 January 2015 for a meeting with
Govind and a tour of SRK’s diamond factory. Seen in the light of the agenda
referred to above and Govind’s status, it is more likely that the meeting with
Govind was to obtain his blessings for the JV (as Michael claimed) rather than
just a matter of courtesy (as Govind claimed).

72 On 29 January 2015, Michael sent an email to Amit and David in which he
wanted to begin the discussion about “capital investment needed to finance the
JV.” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1 AB 62.

On 30 January 2015, Amit sent Michael an email setting out his estimates of
the capital investment needed. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1 JCB 51–52.

Amit noted that his estimates were very similar to Michael’s. These emails
could not have been referring to the BA since the BA did not involve any
capital investment.

73 On 30 March 2015, Michael sent an email to Amit and David, attaching a list
of points relating to sales, “memos” (ie, consignments), repairs, credit
rebill, returns, expenses and capital. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1 JCB 112–114.

These issues were relevant to the JV but not the BA. It is telling that even
on 30 March 2015, the email made no reference to the BA.

74 On 30 June 2015, Jim emailed Michael and Amit about the billing procedure
between JGJ and the JDM Entities. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1 JCB 304–305.

The inclusion of Amit is consistent with the JV. Under the purported BA, SRK
was simply selling to JGJ; there would be no reason for Amit to be involved in
the billing procedure between JGJ and the JDM Entities.

75 On 6 July 2015, Ashish sent an organisation chart of SRK’s and TJCI’s teams
that handled the operational aspects of the business to several Instock (ie,
JDM) personnel. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

1 JCB 445–446.

The organisation chart was relevant to JDM’s personnel under the JV but not
under the purported BA.

76 On 14 July 2015, one of the TJCI employees assigned to handle JDM’s back-
office functions in India, Mr Vikas Ashokkumar Padhya (“Vikas”), sent Amit the
“JDM work schedule”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1 JCB 457–458.

The JDM work schedule was relevant to Amit under the JV but not under the
purported BA.

77 On 4 August 2015, Amit sent Ashish an email (copying David) in which he
instructed Ashish to streamline a list of work/processes in New York. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

1 JCB 469.

Neither Amit nor Ashish had any reason to streamline the work processes in New
York under the purported BA.

78 In August 2015, Amit discussed the roles and responsibilities of all the
key individuals of the JV with Michael and David. On 25 August 2015, Amit sent
Michael and David a draft paper setting out the roles and responsibilities of
Amit, Nirav, David and Michael; Amit expressed the view that “this clarity
will help all of us run the company more efficiently and smoothly”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

1 JCB 478–483.

It is clear that the parties were already operating on the basis of a joint
venture.

79 On the same day, Amit sent an email to Jim and David, saying that “we need
to have meetings with all our NY staff” and “[w]e need to re align everyone’s
roles and responsibilities”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1 JCB 476–477.

But for the JV, Amit would not have referred to JDM’s staff in New York as
“our NY staff” or had any need to meet them to realign the roles and
responsibilities.

80 On 9 March 2016, Amit sent the Kriss Brothers and Nirav a document entitled
“JV Sales Apr to Feb”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2 JCB 234–236.

The document set out the sales made to each customer by each of the JDM
Entities and the SRK Entities. The reference to “JV sales” is self-
explanatory. This document had nothing to do with the purported BA.

81 On 11 March 2016, Amit asked Jim for a provisional balance sheet as he
wanted to “go over the financials of each company to see the profit/loss for
the year.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

2 JCB 323.

There was no necessity for this under the purported BA. The tone of Amit’s
email also shows that he was not asking for the financials simply for purposes
of considering whether to enter into a joint venture with the JDM Entities.

82 On 17 May 2016, Rahul wrote to the Kriss Brothers and said: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

2 JCB 541–542.

The last couple of weeks have been full of confusions and emotions for us as
joint venture partners.

… there is/was no intention on my/SRK part to cause any confusion or
misunderstanding on the operation and functioning of the JV …

[emphasis added]

The contents of Rahul’s email are self-explanatory.

83 On 16 June 2016, Mr Vibhor Jain (“Vibhor”) emailed various persons from
TJCI, SRK and Instock, complaining that he had not “received any data for 31st
March 2016 for any of the JV entity till date”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

2 JCB 640.

Amit and Nirav were also copied on this email. It appears that Vibhor was
formally employed by SRK as its CFO but was known to the JDM Entities as
TJCI’s CFO. Vibhor introduced himself to the JDM employees as the new CFO for
TJCI. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

2 JCB 197.

It is not disputed that Vibhor handled mainly JGJ’s and the JDM Entities’
accounts. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 93:5–13; NE, 28 February 2023, at 55:24–56:12.

The fact that Vibhor was asking for financial information of not just the JDM
Entities, but of TJCI and SRK as well, showed that the parties were operating
on the basis of a joint venture and not the purported BA.

84 In an email dated 5 July 2016: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

3 JCB 218.

(a) Michael referred to the “new joint venture” being in place; and

(b) Michael told Nirav, Amit and David that “[o]ur [b]ank line at [IDBNY] has
expired” and that the bank wanted them to sign a letter to extend the line
with David and Michael guaranteeing the line; Michael asked to “have a
conversation and decide” what needed to be done.

85 On 6 July 2016, Amit replied as follows: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

3 JCB 218.

We MUST keep the bank line … for future … always good for opportunity
buys/expansions etc.

We do not mind sharing the responsibility of the line … as it’s a joint
liability.

…

[emphasis added]

Amit’s reply is clear evidence that the parties were operating on the basis of
the JV. Under the purported BA, there would be no reason why the JDM Entities’
banking facilities should be shared with the SRK Entities.

86 On 8 July 2016, one Vinay Vaghani (from TJCI) reported to the Kriss
Brothers, Nirav and Amit, the “per gram labour for the month of June” . 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

3 JCB 427–428.

Amit’s reply complimenting the factory’s performance was also copied to the
Kriss Brothers. The fact that the Kriss Brothers were copied on the emails is
consistent with the JV; there was no reason to copy the Kriss Brothers about
the performance of TJCI’s factory if the parties’ relationship was merely that
of partners under the BA.

87 On 31 August 2016, Vibhor emailed the Kriss Brothers, Amit and Nirav and
said that “[a]nother issue is we have set the credit limits on the whole JV
group (JDM+SRK) but Receivables are maintained in separate individual systems
for JDM & SRK so it is very difficult to track the total JV outstanding
manually at the time of each order processing” [emphasis added]. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

4 JCB 254–255.

This email again shows that the parties were operating on the basis of the JV.

88 On 7 September 2016, Vikas informed Jim and Ajay Matta (the Financial
Controller of JDM) that SRK required US$500,000 to buy gold. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

4 JCB 395–396.

Ajay Matta then asked Michael if it was “ok to borrow” if the funds requested
were not available. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

4 JCB 394–395.

At Michael’s request, Ajay Matta sent him the projected dates of payments from
customers. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

4 JCB 393–394.

In his reply (which was copied to Amit and Nirav), Michael asked for an
explanation for the shortfall in funding. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

4 JCB 393.

Michael also said that they needed to make a joint decision as they had
decided it should not be necessary to obtain financing from the bank, and
pointed out that it had been agreed that “Amit would manage all the day to day
credit in accordance with [their] joint meetings, and if things change
significantly he would bring it to the table with our partners/board”. These
exchanges regarding the financing arrangements between SRK and JDM show that
the parties were operating on the basis of the JV.

89 On 13 September 2016, Vibhor sent minutes of a meeting earlier that morning
to Michael and Amit. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

4 JCB 428–429.

The minutes referred to “Diamond Bank of JDM Group which has been taken
earlier into balance sheet” and to “SRK/TJC old goods [having] been taken into
JV”. These references evidenced the parties’ contributions to the capital of
the JV. The minutes also stated that 50% of the “[s]everance pay to terminated
employees in JDM after 01 Apr 2015” was to “be debited to JDM Capital as prior
period expenses” and the remaining 50% was to “be treated as JV Expenses”. The
fact that 50% of the severance (paid to JDM employees who were terminated as a
result of the back-office functions being transferred to India) was to be
treated as “JV expenses” is clear evidence that the parties were operating on
the basis of the JV.

Amit’s, Nirav’s and Rahul’s explanations for the use of the term “JV”

90 Amit claimed that he used the terms “joint venture” or “JV” loosely and
that he used these terms to refer to either the BA or the potential JV. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 13.

I find Amit’s claim that the term “JV” could refer to the BA to be
unbelievable. Amit was, and is, an experienced businessman. He must have
understood what a joint venture meant. The BA was clearly not a joint venture.

91 Rahul claimed that he understood a “little bit” of English and that he
spoke to his assistant in Gujarati and his assistant translated and typed his
messages in his emails in English. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 20 February 2023, at 11:15–22.

In my view, Rahul understated his ability to understand English. Although he
chose to give his oral testimony through a Gujarati interpreter, I noticed
that he was nodding in response to some of the questions before they were
translated. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE, 20 February 2023, at 3:21–4:2.

He was also able to give an answer – “business associate” – in English. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 20 February 2023, at 27:11–12.

I have no doubt that Rahul understood the term “JV”.

Credibility of Amit, Nirav and Rahul as witnesses

92 Amit, Nirav and Rahul claimed that they were not aware of the significance
of the word “mazal”. I find this very hard to believe given their experience
in the diamond industry. It is not disputed that the use of the word “mazal”
to conclude a deal is an established and well-recognised practice in the
diamond industry. Govind himself testified that this word is used in practice
in the diamond business when agreement is reached on a deal. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 15 March 2023, at 45:20–46:2.

Govind also testified that “this is what we do, we shake hands and say
‘mazal’” and that Rahul should know about this practice. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 15 March 2023, at 46:5–16.

93 Amit’s, Nirav’s and Rahul’s claim that they were not aware of the
significance of the word “mazal” served only to tarnish their credibility as
witnesses.

JGJ was incorporated pursuant to the JV

94 On 31 March 2015, JGJ was incorporated in Singapore. The evidence shows
that JGJ was incorporated pursuant to the JV.

95 According to Michael, JGJ was incorporated as a tax efficient vehicle
through which capital flow and eventual profit distribution could be effected
to the joint venture partners; in addition, it was a convenient vehicle to
handle joint venture purchases from non-joint venture parties. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 4.

Michael explained that JGJ would be tax-free because all of the business was
being done offshore. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 28 February 2023, at 16:22–17:2.

96 Rahul and Nirav alleged that the Kriss Brothers incorporated JGJ for their
personal tax reasons and to consolidate purchases from SRK/TJCI. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Rahul’s AEIC in S 418, at para 13; Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 11.

97 I accept Michael’s evidence that JGJ was incorporated as a tax efficient
vehicle for the JV for several reasons. First, Michael’s evidence is supported
by Amit’s email to the Kriss Brothers dated 2 February 2015, attaching a
summary of decisions made during the Kriss Brothers’ visit to Mumbai. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

1 JCB 53–54.

One of the decisions made in Mumbai was to “set up a JV” in Hong Kong; Michael
was to check with his friend in Hong Kong on the legal composition of the JV.
Michael’s unchallenged testimony was that, eventually, they could not set up
the JV vehicle in Hong Kong because Amit said that SRK’s nominee was in Hong
Kong. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 27 February 2023, at 55:14–21.

98 Second, Amit was concerned about the tax status of JGJ. The exchange of
emails in February 2016 between Vikas and AT Adler (JGJ’s auditors) regarding
JGJ’s tax liabilities were copied not only to Jim but also to Amit. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

2 JCB 219–224.

Amit was not just a passive participant either. He expressly asked AT Adler to
“send a recap confirmed our tax liability in Singapore” [emphasis added]. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

2 JCB 221.

Amit’s interest in JGJ’s tax liabilities shows that JGJ was set up pursuant to
the JV. There would be no reason for Amit to be concerned about JGJ’s tax
liabilities if JGJ was simply a buyer of diamonds and diamond jewellery from
SRK/TJCI or if JGJ was incorporated solely for the Kriss Brothers’ own
purposes.

99 Third, I accept Michael’s testimony that the letters “J” and “G” in JGJ’s
name stand for “JDM” and “Jewel Goldi” respectively, to reflect the
association between both the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 25.

This is supported by an email dated 27 March 2015 between Michael and Ms
Juliana Ng (who was assisting with setting up JGJ). 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

I JCB 65.

An article by the Diamond World News Service dated 11 January 2012 described
Jewel Goldi as SRK’s dedicated manufacturing arm. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

10 JCB 513.

I also note that the name of SRK’s subsidiary (which bought a stake in TJCI)
is Ramkrishna Goldi Pvt Ltd (see [21(a)] above). Michael explained that the
Goldi Group of companies (the “Goldi Group”) is part of the SRK Group’s global
network of companies. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 24; see also 10 JCB 513.

The explanation for JGJ’s name is consistent with the JV. There would have
been no reason for the name “Goldi” to feature in JGJ’s name if the basis for
the collaboration was merely the BA.

100 Fourth, in his email dated 5 July 2017, Jim asked Amit to comment on
matters relating to what to tell AT Adler (JGJ’s auditors) in relation to
JGJ’s accounts for FY2016, and on whether JGJ could be classified as a
procurement company rather than a trading company. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

6 JCB 329–331.

On 6 July 2017, Jim told a tax consultant, Jeffrey Sacks (“Sacks”) that he had
spoken to Amit and that Amit had no problems with control being located in
Bangkok and JGJ being classified as a procurement company. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

6 JCB 328.

Amit’s involvement in the decisions relating to JGJ supports the fact that JGJ
was asset up pursuant to the JV.

101 Fifth, in August 2017, Rahul told the Kriss Brothers that he was
terminating the JV (see [27] above). Himanshu S. Mehta (“Himanshu”), a
consultant to the JDM Entities, attended the meeting as a translator for the
Kriss Brothers. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Himanshu’s AEIC in S 418, at para 7.

Himanshu testified that there was a heated discussion and Rahul said “we can
just bankrupt [JGJ]”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Himanshu’s AEIC in S 418, at paras 11–12; NE, 8 March 2023, at 48:12–23.

I accept Himanshu’s evidence. His evidence was not shaken during cross-
examination. Rahul’s statement showed that he treated JGJ as a company under
the JV; there was no reason for him to make that statement if JGJ were merely
a company set up by the Kriss Brothers for their own purposes.

Transfer of back-office functions of JDM Entities and JGJ to India

102 In April 2015, the bookkeeping, accounting and other back-office functions
(collectively, the “back-office functions”) of JGJ and the JDM Entities (to
the extent the functions could be carried out in India) were transferred to
and undertaken by a team employed in India by TJCI. The team was based in
TJCI’s premises. Approximately 40% of the employees of the JDM Entities in New
York, with accounting and/or managerial responsibilities, were terminated in
connection with this move. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 418, at para 68.

103 I reject the SRK Entities’ claim that the transfer of JGJ’s and the JDM
Entities’ back-office functions to a team employed by TJCI was done pursuant
to the BA. Under the purported BA, SRK was simply a seller of diamonds and
diamond jewellery to JGJ. TJCI was (and remains) a company within the SRK
group. It is illogical that, in the context of the purported BA, the Kriss
Brothers would have agreed to the back-office functions (which included the
accounts) of not only JGJ, but the JDM Entities as well, being undertaken by a
team employed by TJCI in India.

104 The transfer of the JDM Entities’ and JGJ’s back-office functions to India
was an imposition on TJCI. TJCI had to employ and provide premises for the
employees handling the back-office functions. TJCI even re-deployed its
employees to work specifically on the back-office functions. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 36; NE, 14 February 2023, at 170:4–9.

TJCI did not charge the JDM Entities for the costs of at least three of the
employees assigned to handle JDM’s back-office. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 92:7–9.

By his own admission, Amit also had to supervise the team. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 30.

It is not disputed that the reason for moving the back-office functions to
India was to reduce costs. In my view, TJCI would not have agreed to all the
impositions but for the JV because it was only under the JV that TJCI would
benefit from the reduction in costs.

105 Whether the team handling the back-office functions in India reported to
and took instructions from the Kriss Brothers or Amit was disputed. I find
that the team reported to and took instructions from Amit for the following
reasons:

(a) Vikas was employed by TJCI as an accountant for the JV after being
interviewed by Amit and Rahul; he confirmed that he took instructions from
Amit and Nirav, and subsequently from Vibhor (after Vibhor was appointed as
CFO). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Vikas’ AEIC in S 418, at paras 10–11.

(b) In an email dated 30 January 2017, Vikas sought Amit’s approval for the
payment of a bill from KPMG. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

5 JCB 381–382.

The fact that Vikas sought Amit’s approval is all the more significant because
the bill was sent to Vikas by a JDM employee.

(c) When Amit instructed one Mr Tetsu Takahashi (a JDM employee) to add JGJ to
the JDM system so that orders could be processed and goods could be shipped to
JGJ, he also instructed Vikas to provide the address. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

1 JCB 115; NE, 14 February 2023, at 168:9–169:11.

106 In any event, it still does not make commercial sense for the Kriss
Brothers to have agreed to the back-office functions being handled by TJCI
employees in India even if they took instructions from the Kriss Brothers,
unless the parties were operating on the basis of the JV.

JDM’s and JGJ’s accounts in IDBNY were controlled by representatives from JDM
and SRK

107 The setting up of JGJ’s IDBNY Account and the persons who were authorised
to operate JDM’s and JGJ’s IDBNY accounts point to the existence of the JV
rather than the BA.

108 It is common ground that the collaboration between the parties started on
1 April 2015. On 14 May 2015, Jim sent documents to the Israel Discount Bank
in New York for the opening of JGJ’s IDBNY Account. His email said “J.G.
Jewelry, Inc. is a 50/50 venture between Michael & David Kriss and SRK
Diamonds”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

1 JCB 291.

Although the email referred to “J.G. Jewelry, Inc.”, it is clear that Jim was
referring to JGJ; the email attached corporate resolutions of JGJ. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

1 JCB 294–296.

It is also clear that the reference to a venture between the Kriss Brothers
and SRK was a reference to the JV.

109 In May 2015, JGJ’s IDBNY Account was set up. The authorised signatories
comprised representatives of the SRK Entities and the JDM Entities. They were
Amit, Ashish, Jim, David and Michael; any one of them could authorise payments
to be made from the account. The Kriss Brothers could not have agreed to Amit
and Ashish being given the authority to make payments from the account to the
SRK Entities unless the parties were operating on the basis of the JV. Under
the purported BA, JGJ was just a buyer of diamonds and diamond jewellery from
SRK. It is unthinkable that in the context of the purported BA, the buyer
(JGJ) would have authorised representatives of the seller (SRK) to make
payments from the buyer’s account to the seller.

110 Nirav’s explanation was that one of the key features of the purported BA
was a two-step process for the payment of the invoices issued by SRK/TJCI to
JGJ (the “Two-Step Payment Process”). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 15(b).

According to him, the Two-Step Payment Process worked as follows: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 19.

(a) Vikas would review invoices from SRK/TJCI. Upon his approval, Vikas would
set up a payment request for payment of the invoices to be made from JGJ’s
IDBNY Account.

(b) After the payment request was set up, the payment could be released by any
one of the holders of the security tokens issued by IDBNY. The holders of the
tokens were Amit, Ashish, the Kriss Brothers, Jim, Ajay Matta, Vikas and Brady
D’Elia (“Brady”). Brady was the manager of MG Worldwide.

111 Nirav claimed that the purpose of the Two-Step Payment Process was twofold
– first, to ensure timely payments of SRK’s and/or TJCI’s invoices, and
second, to ensure that the Kriss Brothers or their representatives had their
desired degree of control over the payments to be made by JGJ to SRK/TJCI. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 20.

112 Amit adopted Nirav’s evidence relating to the Two-Step Payment process.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 21.

Rahul disclaimed any involvement in or knowledge of the details of the payment
mechanism concerning the purported BA. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Rahul’s AEIC in S 418, at para 27.

113 I reject Nirav’s and Amit’s claims relating to the Two-Step Payment
Process. In my view, the claims are contrived.

(a) First, Vikas testified that generally, he would prepare the payment
instructions under the direction of Amit and/or Nirav. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Vikas’ AEIC in S 418, at para 15; NE, 7 March 2023, at 107:15–20.

Vikas’ testimony contradicted Nirav’s claim that Vikas would set up the
payment instruction after reviewing and approving the invoices from SRK/TJCI.
I have no reason to doubt Vikas’ testimony.

(b) Second, the persons who held the tokens for JGJ’s IDBNY Account were Amit,
Ashish, the Kriss Brothers and Jim. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Vikas’ AEIC in S 418, at para 14.

Contrary to Nirav’s assertion, Ajay Matta, Vikas and Brady did not hold tokens
for JGJ’s IDBNY Account.

(c) Third, Nirav’s assertion that the Two-Step Payment Process was to ensure
timely payment is illogical. Under the alleged Two-Step Payment Process, Vikas
had to review and approve the invoices. This meant that the timeliness of
payment on SRK’s and TJCI’s invoices was dependent on Vikas. Timely payment
could not be ensured since, according to Amit, Vikas was a representative of
the Kriss Brothers and/or the JDM Entities. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 22.

(d) Fourth, there was no reason for JGJ (as the buyer) to authorise
representatives of the seller to release payments from JGJ’s account to the
seller.

114 Vikas also testified that when he received a request from Amit for funds,
he had to first initiate a payment from JDM’s account in IDBNY to JGJ’s IDBNY
Account; the payment from JDM’s account to JGJ’s IDBNY Account would be
approved by Ashish. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE, 7 March 2023, at 107:6–108:20 and 109:23–110:7.

Ashish also approved payments to be made from JGJ’s IDBNY Account. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

1 JCB 468; 2 JCB 539–540.

115 The fact that Vikas took instructions from Amit/Nirav to prepare payment
instructions and that Ashish could approve payments from JDM’s and JGJ’s
accounts can only be explained if the parties were operating on the basis of
the JV instead of the BA.

The JV was announced or made known to third parties

116 On 15 January 2015, Amit sent the Kriss Brothers an email (copied to Nirav
and Ashish), saying that they should start having a conversation on, among
other things, how to “announce the JV to customers”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

1 JCB 39.

117 On 30 January 2015, Amit sent an email to the Kriss Brothers, attaching
draft announcements to customers and the industry. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

1 JCB 49–50.

The draft announcements referred to JDM having “tied up with … SRK in a Joint
Venture”, and to TJCI/SRK having “tied up with … Instock Programs and entered
into a Joint Venture with them.”

118 In his AEIC, Amit asserted that while he used the term “joint venture”,
this was in fact a reference to the BA. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at para 12(c).

I do not believe Amit’s assertion. His assertion is inconsistent with his own
description of the draft announcement as one of the documents that was
prepared in anticipation of the potential JV. Further, the contents of the
draft announcement clearly did not reflect the terms of the BA (see [55]
above).

119 On 18 February 2015, Amit sent an email to one Ms Stephanie Lawler
informing her that “TJC and SRK group have recently entered into a joint
venture with Instock programs”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

1 JCB 56.

Ms Lawler was from Zales, a major jewellery retailer that was also a client of
the JDM Entities.

120 On 8 June 2015, one Julius Kassar from TJCNY wrote to Ms Rachel B Leinwand
and Ms Jelena Stojanovic, stating that Instock and TJCNY “now are a merged
company”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

1 JCB 302.

Ms Leinwand and Ms Stojanovic represented buyers who were customers of TJCNY.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 180:7–11.

Subsequently, Amit was copied in the chain of emails. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

1 JCB 301.

On 9 June 2015, Amit wrote to Ms Leinwand and Ms Stojanovic stating that “we
have just recently entered into a joint venture with Instock”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

1 JCB 300–301.

121 On 22 July 2015, Ashish sent an email to one George DeAngelis of
“gilbertdisplays” stating: “In-stock & TJC Jewelry are now one entity – we
will have a joint booth space next year” [emphasis added]. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

1 JCB 467.

Amit was also copied on the email and he did not correct Ashish’s email.

122 On 12 October 2016, a team comprising representatives from the JDM and SRK
Entities (including Amit and Nirav) made a joint presentation to Signet
Jewelers, which is one of the world’s largest retailers of diamond jewellery.
The PowerPoint presentation showed the logos of SRK, Instock Programs, MG
Worldwide, and TJCI on the very first slide, and showcased these entities. In
addition, one of the topics covered was “Corporate Organization / JV”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

4 JCB 464–524.

123 Amit, Nirav and Rahul claimed that they had used the term “joint venture”
or “JV” in their emails and documents loosely and that they meant to refer to
the BA. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Amit’s AEIC in S 418, at paras 12(c) and 13; Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para
36; Rahul’s AEIC in S 418, at para 24.

I find these claims too incredible to be believed. Further, as will be seen
later, I find that the BA is a concoction (see [155] below).

Insurance policies were combined

124 On 19 April 2016, Jim emailed Amit stating that JDM’s insurance policy
(“JDM’s Jeweler’s Block Policy”) would now also cover routine consignment
shipments from SRK to TJCNY; Amit confirmed the coverage value of US$10m. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

2 JCB 376–377.

Jim also liaised with the JDM Entities’ insurers for credit insurance to add
certain SRK and/or TJCI sales onto the portfolio from 2016 onwards. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

2 JCB 380–386.

125 Credit insurance was obtained on a combined policy basis for the JDM
Entities and the SRK Entities, after Amit gave his approval on 8 January 2017,
after having run it by Rahul. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

5 JCB 359–360; 4 JCB 564–565; 56 AB 243.

126 There was no reason for the combined policies or for Amit/Rahul to approve
the same unless the parties were operating on the basis of the JV. Certainly,
there was no reason for the combined policies under the purported BA.

Parties engaged Advaita Legal to draft a joint venture agreement

127 The parties engaged a law firm in India, Advaita Legal, to prepare a joint
venture agreement. On 30 June 2016, Advaita Legal sent an engagement letter to
JGJ in which it stated that JGJ “ha[d] approached [Advaita Legal] for
assistance in drafting a Joint Venture Agreement or a Shareholders’
Agreement”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

3 JCB 205–213.

128 On 19 July 2016, Advaita Legal sent the “first draft of the JV agreement”
to Amit and Michael. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

3 JCB 441–486.

The draft agreement listed the Kriss Brothers, Amit, Nirav as “JV Parties” and
JGJ as “the Company”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

3 JCB 449.

It is not clear why Advaita Legal listed the individuals but it is not
disputed that the intention was for the entities (rather than the individuals)
to be the parties to the JV.

The Volume Rebate Agreements are consistent with the JV

129 On 22 February 2017, Jim informed Vibhor, Amit and the Kriss Brothers that
the then practice of “billing the NY entities at 90% of the sale price” was
not sufficient to cover the expenses of the New York companies, and that they
needed to “decide on how to recoup a significant amount of funds from [JGJ]”
before JGJ’s financials were presented to the accountant. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

5 JCB 485–486.

Jim also said that he had spoken to Sacks, who saw no problem in JGJ reporting
a loss. As an interim measure, Jim proposed volume rebate agreements between
the parties that would reduce the amounts that the JDM Entities had to pay
JGJ.

130 By 27 February 2017, Volume Rebate Agreements had been signed between JGJ
and JDM, MG Worldwide, AP Jewelry and TJCNY. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

5 JCB 484 and 488–495.

131 On 1 March 2017, Vibhor sent an email to Jim; one of the points that he
raised was his belief that the adjustment “will only be for the purpose of
statutory filings in NY for accounting books and no effect will be given in
the system inventory valuation, otherwise it may impact to our MIS
profitability also”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

5 JCB 483.

“MIS” referred to the management information system. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE, 15 February 2023, at 97:14–15.

132 There was no reason for Jim to involve Vibhor and Amit on the intercompany
billings between JGJ and the JDM Entities or the proposal to improve the
bottom lines of the New York companies by charging operating expenses to JGJ,
unless the parties were operating on the basis of the JV.

133 Further, if SRK and TJCI were merely selling diamonds and diamond
jewellery to JGJ, the Volume Rebate Agreements would surely have caused Amit
concern since they negatively impacted JGJ’s financial position and ability to
make payment. Yet, Amit raised no objections to the Volume Rebate Agreements.
In his oral testimony, Amit claimed not to be aware that the Volume Rebate
Agreements resulted in credit notes being given to the JDM Entities and TJCNY.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 15 February 2023, at 40:23–41:1, 173:10–18.

I do not believe Amit’s denial of knowledge. Jim’s email dated 22 February
2017 (see [129] above) was addressed to Amit as well and Amit remained copied
in the subsequent email chain. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

5 JCB 483–486.

Further, a Volume Rebate Agreement was also entered into with, and a credit
note issued to, TJCNY. Amit must have been aware of this.

Balance sheets were prepared on the basis of the JV

134 On 2 May 2016, Vibhor sent Michael (copying Amit and Nirav) the following
documents: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

2 JCB 400–408.

(a) An “Accounting Manual/Understanding description for JV Accounting As on
30-4-2015” (the “Accounting Manual”).

(b) A balance sheet template showing, among other things, capital balances of
the parties. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

2 JCB 408.

The explanatory note in the Accounting Manual for the capital balances stated
as follows:

O. Capital Balances:

Cash capital introduced as on 1st April 2015 will be taken as opening capital
of Partners. Apart from that if any partner has introduced any capital in kind
e.g. in assets/inventory mode then the opening capital will include the same
for particular partner’s capital. Both the capital accounts of Partners (SRK &
JDM) will be adjusted with the below transactions happened during the period –

…

135 The Accounting Manual recognised that contributions to capital could be in
cash or by way of contributions in kind, eg, “assets/inventory”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Accounting Manual at “O”.

The balance sheet template was intended to contain information relating to
(among other things) capital balances. This template was used for various
balance sheets that were circulated subsequently. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See, eg, 3 JCB 626–638, 645, 647.

136 On 6 July 2016, Vibhor sent Jim the balance sheets for “the JV entities”
for his review. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

3 JCB 219–403.

The balance sheets included:

(a) A “Consolidated Joint Venture Balance Sheet” as of 31 March 2016, which
showed the capital balances of the “SRK Group” and the “JDM Group” at
US$10,609,207.38 and US$22,908,945.38 respectively.

(b) Balance sheets as of 31 March 2016 for entities within the “SRK Group” and
the “JDM Group”.

137 On 1 August 2016, Vibhor sent to Jim and Michael, copying Nirav and Vikas,
the “Draft Consolidated MIS Balance Sheet as on 31 Mar 2016” and the balance
sheets for the various entities, for Michael’s and Jim’s review. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

3 JCB 623–4 JCB 114.

The consolidated balance sheet shows the capital balances of the “SRK Group”
and the “JDM Group” at USD2,416,091.30 and USD21,785,920.93 respectively.

138 On 12 May 2017, Vibhor sent updated estimated balance sheets of various
entities as of 14 October 2016 to Vikas and Jim, copying Amit, Nirav and
Michael. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

6 JCB 66–76.

Jim used these balance sheets to prepare a document titled “Equity Input to JV
by Michael & David Kriss”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

6 JCB 68.

The document recorded the sum of US$7,744,446.60 being due to each of Michael
and David.

139 On 11 September 2017, Vikas sent SRK’s financial data (which he received
from Amit/Nirav) to Michael for his review. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

7 JCB 270–274.

Nirav confirmed that the data was prepared by Mr Rajiv Shah (“Rajiv”)) on his
instructions. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 101:20–102:6.

Rajiv was SRK’s CFO. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Nirav’s AEIC in S 418, at para 42.

The attachments sent by Vikas comprised the following:

(a) The opening balance sheet as of 1 April 2015 for TJCNY, TJCI and SRK, and
transactions for the capital account during the period from 1 April 2015 to 21
August 2017. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

7 JCB 273–274.

(b) The balance sheet as of 31 August 2017 for TJCNY, TJCI, SRK and JGJ, and
the transactions for the capital account during the period from 31 May 2017 to
21 August 2017. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

7 JCB 271–272.

The balance sheets show the “capital balances” for each of the entities in
both their regular accounts as well as their “B” books. Ajay Matta explained
that the “B” books were in respect of cash trades that did not appear in the
regular accounts. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE, 10 March 2023, at 59:10–60:2.

Transactions for the capital accounts included capital injections and
withdrawals/transfers. In particular, the capital injections confirm that the
SRK Entities were injecting capital into the JV.

140 On 27 September 2017, Ajay Matta sent an email to Mr Anish Mehta
(“Anish”). 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

7 JCB 306–310.

Anish was from BSR & Associates LLP (“BSR”), an external consultant firm
engaged to provide tax and regulatory services (see [151] below). The subject
of the email was “JV Summary Sheet”. The documents attached to the email (the
“JV Computations”) included the following table: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

7 JCB 307.

![A white sheet with black text

Description automatically generated](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

141 The fact that “SRK Group Profits” were to be paid to JGJ is proof that the
parties were operating on the basis of the JV since the SRK Group was sharing
its profits with JGJ. Also attached to the email was a computation of SRK’s
profits in its “A” and “B” books, of which a total amount of about US$20.5m
was described as “JV Profit[s]”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

7 JCB 308.

This supported the amount of US$20.5m to be paid to JGJ from “SRK Group
Profits” in the table above.

142 The deduction of US$25.62m attributed to “SRK Group A/P” meant that SRK
Group’s accounts payable were credited to the SRK Group as its contribution to
the JV. I agree with JGJ’s submission that this shows that SRK’s goods were
supplied as capital.

143 The table above shows that (according to the JDM Entities) a net balance
of US$16.35m was due to the Kriss Brothers. Rajiv (SRK’s CFO) made various
adjustments to the computations and on 5 October 2017, Rajiv sent to Anish and
Nirav the “final working along with reconciliation of profit claimed by JGJ
group” and asked Anish to forward it “for their review”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

7 JCB 315–318.

144 Rajiv’s computations show a net balance amount of US$5.91m as “Balance
belongs (sic) to SRK Group towards capital introduced”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

7 JCB 317.

Nirav confirmed that he added the words “Balance belongs to SRK Group towards
capital introduced” and that this was the “capital balance for SRK”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 44:16–45:7.

Rajiv did not dispute the inclusion of “SRK Group Profits” or “SRK Group A/P”
in the JV Computations. In fact, Rajiv reduced the amount of “SRK Group
Profits” (payable to JGJ) from US$20.51m to US$17.19m. As discussed earlier,
the fact that SRK Group profits were payable to JGJ is proof that the parties
were operating on the basis of the JV, and the inclusion of SRK Group’s
accounts payable in the computations shows that SRK’s goods were supplied as
capital.

145 As requested by Rajiv, Anish forwarded Rajiv’s computations to Ajay Matta,
describing the computations as a “re-working of profit of JV”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

13 JCB 437–441.

Anish also explained that Rajiv’s computations included (among other things)
TJCI’s losses, differences in exchange rates used, addition of closing stock,
change in valuation of closing stock form book value to market value and
“[c]apital introduction by Singapore JV Partner …”.

146 Ajay Matta replied, enclosing his calculations which stated that the net
amount payable to SRK was US$0.58m. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

7 JCB 311–314.

147 The balance sheets and the JV Computations prove that the parties were
operating on the basis of the JV. Nirav also confirmed that the JV
Computations showed the amount that JDM had to pay to SRK “[f]or goods we
supplied”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 43:4–11.

Nirav’s evidence confirms that the goods supplied by SRK to JGJ were not meant
to be paid as invoiced. Although Nirav claimed that the goods were supplied
under the purported BA, he eventually conceded that the computations were not
consistent with the purported BA. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 43:12–23.

Parties engaged KPMG’s and BSR’s services with respect to the JV

148 On 20 January 2016, Amit sent an email to KPMG stating that he had
discussed with Michael and David and they needed “help in inventory management
process”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

1 JCB 670.

Amit asked KPMG for a proposal for inventory flow and management, including
“[h]ow to separate old co inventory with new co” and processes to “easily
identify and reconcile the inventory separately”. As JGJ submits, this shows
that the parties had merged their inventory and were seeking KPMG’s help to
properly account for the inventory that had been injected into the JV.

149 On 16 March 2016, Vibhor sent KPMG the names of the entities to be
incorporated in the engagement letter. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

2 JCB 178–179.

These entities include the JDM Entities, the SRK Entities and JGJ (which the
Kriss Brothers claim to be the parties to the JV) and Jewel-Lux Mfg. Group Co.
Ltd (“Jewel-Lux”). Jewel-Lux was a factory in Bangkok that Michael used for
research and development. According to Michael, Jewel-Lux was a contractor to
the JV and was not a party to the JV. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE, 27 February 2023, at 58:18–59:7.

150 KPMG prepared a Management MIS Memo dated March 2016 (the “MIS Memo”). 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

2 JCB 185–191.

The contents of the MIS Memo are consistent with the JV. KPMG understood the
collaboration to have been effective from 1 April 2015 and that the purpose of
the collaboration was to “derive the benefit from all new sales effected
during the year”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Para 2 of the MIS Memo.

The MIS Memo also stated that “since each entity would add a markup and sell
the inventory to the next entity, all the markup would need to be eliminated
on the year-end inventory to show the correct profit figures.” 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Para 2.3 of the MIS Memo.

This is consistent with JGJ’s case that all goods supplied by the SRK Entities
and the JDM Entities pursuant to the JV were to be treated as capital in the
JV and that for purposes of determining the net profits or losses under the
JV, the goods supplied to the JV were to be valued at cost (see [51(c)] and
[51(d)(ii)] above).

151 Amit and Michael asked BSR to (among other things) undertake a
“jurisdiction evaluation of Hong Kong vis a vis Dubai in comparison to
Singapore” and an “evaluation of shareholder structure of such proposed
HK/Dubai Company”. The evaluation of the shareholder structure was to include
an evaluation as to whether the shareholder of the HK/Dubai company “should be
US Shareholder directly or through existing Singapore/UK Company.” 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

558 AB 671–672.

152 On 25 October 2016, BSR sent to JGJ an engagement letter for tax and
regulatory services. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

4 JCB 573–586.

Paragraph 2.1.2 of the letter described part of BSR’s work as “undertaking
jurisdiction analysis of the preferred jurisdiction (i.e. UAE and HK)
considering the commercial and business aspect, in compare [sic] to Singapore
JV structure”. Michael’s unchallenged explanation was that this was about a
restructuring of the JV because SRK had a tax problem. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE, 28 February 2023, at 61:20–65:23.

Amit appointed a CFO for the JV

153 On 26 February 2016, Vibhor sent an email to various Instock personnel and
Ashish to introduce himself. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

2 JCB 197.

In his email, Vibhor said he joined “TJC SEEPZ Mumbai” on 15 February 2016 as
CFO. Amit testified that Vibhor was part of the team handling the back-office
functions of JGJ and the JDM Entities. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 93:5–13; NE, 15 February 2023, at 82:1–83:8.

154 Amit claimed that it was Michael who hired Vibhor. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE, 15 February 2023, at 82:5.

Michael testified that Vibhor was hired by Amit as CFO for the JV. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NE, 28 February 2023, at 55:24–56:20.

I accept Michael’s version. It is more probable that Amit was the one who
hired Vibhor. After all, although he handled the back-office functions, Vibhor
was formally employed as CFO of SRK and he was paid by SRK. Further, in his
email to the Kriss Brothers dated 25 August 2015, Amit had attached a draft of
the roles and responsibilities of “KEY individuals of the JV”. In that draft,
one of Amit’s roles was to appoint a CFO for the JV. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

1 JCB 478–483 (at 480).

The BA is a concoction

155 I find that the BA is nothing more than a concoction by the SRK Entities.

156 First, SRK has adduced no evidence of when the negotiations for the BA
took place. There is also no discussion of the BA or its terms in the
correspondence between the parties. Amit tried to explain that he only started
using the expression “business arrangement” after learning, as a result of S
418, that the expression “joint venture” could have legal implications. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 106:25–107:15.

However, Amit’s evidence does not explain why the correspondence between the
parties referred to or were consistent with terms of the JV rather than terms
of the purported BA.

157 Second, Rahul confirmed that the invoices issued by the SRK Entities were
issued pursuant to the purported BA. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 53:25–54:10.

Yet, the demand letter dated 1 March 2018 from SRK’s lawyers, K Ashar and Co,
to JGJ for payment of the invoices made no mention whatsoever of the BA. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

7 JCB 395–404.

158 Third, under the purported BA, SRK was to sell diamonds and diamond
jewellery to JGJ and JGJ would in turn sell the same to companies controlled
and/or owned by the Kriss Brothers (see [55(b)] above). Yet, in SRK’s
invoices, SRK was charging JGJ based on prices that were discounted against
the end customer’s selling prices. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 34:1–5.

In other words, SRK invoiced JGJ at prices discounted against the JDM
Entities’ selling price to their customers (“Sell-Minus Pricing”). This
pricing approach is completely incompatible with the alleged BA, which
involved a straightforward sale by SRK to JGJ. It is illogical that in a
straightforward sale, SRK sell its goods to JGJ at prices that are discounted
against the JDM Entities’ selling price to their customers.

159 Fourth, the balance sheets show capital balances for the SRK Entities and
the JDM Entities (see [134], [137], [139] above). There would have been no
contributions to capital under the purported BA. The JV Computations show that
SRK’s and TJCI’s profits were to be shared with the JDM Entities (see
[140]–[144] above). The purported BA would not have involved any such sharing
of profits as Nirav also confirmed. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 33:12–15.

160 Fifth, moving the back-office functions of JGJ and the JDM Entities to
India to be handled by persons employed by TJCI did not make sense if the
parties’ relationship was just that of partners in the purported BA (see
[102]–[106] above).

Whether TJCNY was party to the JV

161 I find that TJCNY was a party to the JV. I reject Ashish’s claim that his
role in the JV was purely to provide administrative assistance, mainly in (a)
releasing payments from JGJ’s IDBNY Account, (b) facilitating communication
between the persons involved in the JV who were based in India and the US, and
(c) miscellaneous matters on an ad-hoc basis. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Ashish’s AEIC in S 418, at para 42.

The evidence does not bear out Ashish’s claim.

162 First, it is not disputed that Ashish attended the meeting at the JDM
Entities’ office in New York in early January 2015. Ashish admitted that “to
some extent” he was pulled into this meeting because the collaboration would
involve TJCNY. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE, 14 March 2023, at 41:24–42:6.

163 Second, Ashish highlighted the fact that he was not copied on the email
that attached the 13 January Memo. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Ashish’s AEIC in S 418, at para 29(a).

Whilst technically true, it was misleading. Amit intended to copy Ashish on
the email but he forgot to include Ashish in the copy list. Ashish did receive
a copy of the email two days later. On 15 January 2015, Amit sent a copy of
the email containing the 13 January Memo to Ashish, saying that he “forgot to
cc” Ashish. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

1 JCB 41–44.

Ashish admitted that Amit sent the 15 January Memo to him because it affected
TJCNY. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE, 14 March 2023, at 42:12–14.

164 Third, in April 2015, TJCNY gave up its lease and moved its operations to
the JDM Entities’ premises. Ashish claimed that Amit requested him to make the
move so that he could assist as and when required. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Ashish’s AEIC in S 418, at para 37.

I find this unbelievable. Ashish was already in New York. He could have
provided the alleged administrative assistance without moving TJCNY’s
operations to the JDM Entities’ premises. I find it unbelievable that TJCNY
would have done so if it was simply providing administrative assistance and
was not a party to the JV.

165 Fourth, Ashish admitted that prior to the collaboration with JDM, TJCNY
were competitors but after TJCNY moved to JDM’s premises, they were no longer
competitors; TJCNY and the JDM Entities would not compete with each other in
going after the same customers. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NE, 14 March 2023, at 42:18–43:2, 44:17–45:23.

The degree of collaboration between TJCNY and the JDM Entities shows that
TJCNY was a party to the JV.

166 Fifth, Ashish’s involvement was more than just administrative:

(a) Ashish was authorised to approve payments to be made from JDM’s and JGJ’s
accounts in IDBNY (see [114] above).

(b) In his email dated 30 January 2015, Amit sought feedback on a proposed
announcement about the JV to customers and the industry. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

1 JCB 49–50.

Ashish was one of those whom Amit sought feedback from.

(c) On 1 July 2015, Amit sent an email to various Instock personnel
instructing them to copy Ashish in “all communications between India and NY”
[emphasis added]. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

1 JCB 306.

Ashish’s involvement could not have been just to facilitate communications.

(d) On 4 August 2015, Amit instructed Ashish to streamline a list of
work/processes in New York as soon as possible. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

1 JCB 469.

The list included determining whether certain work processes in New York could
be handled by the team in India and streamlining pricing and quotes from
customers. These were clearly not administrative in nature.

167 Sixth, on 1 August 2016, Vibhor sent draft balance sheets of various
entities (including JGJ, SRK, TJCI and TJCNY) as at 31 March 2016 to Jim and
Michael for their review; Nirav and Vikas were copied. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

3 JCB 623–709; 4 JCB 23–114.

In addition, in September 2017, Vikas received SRK’s financial data from
Amit/Nirav; the data included data relating to TJCNY (see [139] above). The
fact that TJCNY’s balance sheet and financial data were included shows that
TJCNY was part of the JV.

168 Seventh, David and Amit decided on the commission structure of Julie
Kassar who was an employee of TJCNY. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

5 JCB 339–341.

Julie Kassar also asked Amit and David for more accounts to work with. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

5 JCB 340.

169 Eighth, TJCNY was one of the entities that signed a Volume Rebate
Agreement with JGJ in February 2017 (see [130] above). The Volume Rebate
Agreement reduced the amount that TJCNY had to pay JGJ. If TJCNY was not party
to the JV, TJCNY’s profitability would not have been of any concern to Jim and
there would have been no reason for Jim to include TJCNY in the arrangement
involving the volume rebates.

170 Ninth, TJCNY entered into a Consignment Agreement with Sherwood Management
Co. Inc (“Sherwood”) in July 2017. Although Ashish signed the agreement on
behalf of TJCNY, it was Jim who sent the agreement to Sherwood for Sherwood’s
signature, with the comment that all the changes that Sherwood requested had
been incorporated. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

6 JCB 314–323.

Jim’s involvement shows that TJCNY was a party to the JV.

171 Tenth, the JV needed TJCNY because TJCNY had customers in the US who were
not customers of the JDM Entities. TJCNY had vendor numbers with clients that
the JDM Entities did not have, such as Fred Meyer which was one of the
prominent retailers in the jewellery business. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE, 14 March 2023, at 58:12–17.

As such, with TJCNY’s involvement, the JV could sell to Fred Meyer. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 23:3–6.

Whether there was a legally enforceable JVA

172 I have found that the collaboration between the JDM Entities and the SRK
Entities was on the basis of the JV. However, in my judgment, JGJ has failed
to prove that there was a legally enforceable JVA because:

(a) JGJ has failed to prove that the JV/JVA was entered into on 13 January
2015 as pleaded;

(b) JGJ has failed to prove material terms of the JVA as pleaded; and

(c) There was no agreement on the manner in which the JV’s profits were to be
distributed.

JGJ fails to prove that the JV/JVA was entered into on 13 January 2015 as
pleaded

173 In its defence and counterclaim, JGJ pleaded that the JV was entered into
between the SRK Entities, the JDM Entities and JGJ “in or around the first
quarter of 2015”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 10.

In particulars served pursuant to an order of court, JGJ then pleaded that the
JV was entered into on 13 January 2015 and confirmed via Amit’s email dated 13
January 2015 attaching the 13 January Memo. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Particulars served pursuant to Order of Court dated 12 January 2021 in S 418,
answer to question 3.

174 In my judgment, JGJ has failed to prove its pleaded case that the JV/JVA
(which included JGJ as one of the parties) was concluded on 13 January 2015.
First, the JV/JVA could not have been entered on 13 January 2015 because JGJ
was incorporated only on 31 March 2015.

175 Second, the 13 January Memo (which JGJ relies on) does not show that an
agreement had been concluded as of 13 January 2015. The 13 January Memo
referred to its contents as “suggested … key points” and “guidelines” and
invited the Kriss Brothers to “make suggestions”. In particular, the “legal
framework of the companies” had not been concluded and was to be decided after
consulting lawyers. Further, all “current salaries & expenses [were] to be
relooked & renegotiated”. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

1 JCB 35–36.

I agree with SRK that at best, the 13 January Memo recorded an agreement to
agree, which is not legally enforceable.

176 Third, JGJ claims that the agreed terms of the JV/JVA included terms to
the effect that (a) goods supplied by the SRK Entities or the JDM Entities
pursuant to the JV would be treated as capital in the JV, and (b) invoicing
would be based on “cost-plus pricing”. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 10(2)(c).

However, there is nothing in the 13 January Memo reflecting these terms.

177 Fourth, JGJ’s pleaded case is that one of the terms of the JV/JVA was that
the parties would invoice for goods supplied pursuant to the JV at “Cost-Plus
Pricing”, which included “some profit”. However, Michael’s oral testimony was
that the parties agreed on the inclusion of “some profit” after 13 January
2015. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE, 27 February 2023, at 47:17–24.

178 Fifth, as of 23 January 2015, the legal composition of the JV had not yet
been finalised. It was one of the items to be discussed and finalised during
the Kriss Brothers’ visit to Mumbai on 27–28 January 2015 (see [70] above).

179 Sixth, under cross-examination, both Michael and David testified that the
JV was concluded only after JGJ was incorporated on 31 March 2015. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 141:15–23; NE, 6 March 2023, at 16:4–18:22.

JGJ’s application to amend its pleadings

180 On 21 March 2023, JGJ indicated that it intended to apply to amend its
pleadings in relation to the date of the JV and confirmed that the amendments
would be based on the witness testimonies that had been given. I heard the
application on 27 March 2023. Essentially, the proposed amendment sought to
plead that the “formation of the [JV] and [JVA] were concluded between the SRK
Entities, the JDM Entities and JGJ on 31 March 2015”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Letter dated 22 March 2023 from JGJ’s lawyers (LVM Chambers) to the Court.

181 The distinction sought to be drawn between the formation of the JV and the
JVA was dubious. It cannot be said that the JV was binding unless there was a
binding JVA. Leaving that aside, I agree with SRK and the counterclaim
defendants that it was far too late in the day for the amendments and
dismissed JGJ’s application. In their opening statement on the very first day
of trial, SRK and the counterclaim defendants emphasised that the burden was
on JGJ to establish its pleaded case that the JV was entered into on 13
January 2015. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 35:22–36:2.

JGJ did not seek to amend its case then. Instead, it let SRK and the
counterclaim defendants proceed with the trial on the basis of its case as
pleaded. SRK and the counterclaim defendants adduced their evidence and cross-
examined JGJ’s witnesses on that basis. Allowing JGJ’s amendment at such a
late stage would have prejudiced SRK and the counterclaim defendants.

182 Further, JGJ’s amendment application testified to the lack of clarity on
JGJ’s part as to when the JV/JVA was entered into.

JGJ failed to prove material terms of the JV as pleaded

183 Regardless of the date that the JV was entered into, JGJ also failed to
prove two of the material terms that JGJ alleged had been agreed.

184 JGJ’s pleaded case is that the material terms of the JV included the
following:

(a) The goods supplied pursuant to the JV would be invoiced at “Cost-Plus
Pricing”, ie, “the cost price of the goods plus a specified mark-up required
to cover any other costs including marketing, duties and taxes, and some
profit” [emphasis added]. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 10(2)(c).

At the end of each year, a “full accounting reconciliation” of the JV would be
conducted, “which would involve and require, inter alia, adjusting (where
necessary and appropriate) the aggregate value of the goods supplied … to
correctly/accurately reflect the Cost-Plus Pricing”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 10(2)(d).

(b) Goods supplied by the SRK Entities and the JDM Entities were to be valued
at cost for the purposes of their respective equity contributions to the JV.
222

##### Foot Note 222

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 10(2)(e).

185 With respect to the invoicing, JGJ has failed to prove what was the
“specified mark-up” or “some profit” that had been agreed, if at all. Yet,
these were necessary to determine what the Cost-Plus Pricing was and for the
full accounting reconciliation to be conducted.

186 Further, Michael testified that the parties agreed that the goods would be
invoiced based on Sell-Minus Pricing, more specifically, at a 19% discount off
the final selling price of the goods and that the discount would be adjusted
regularly. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 38:16–40:1.

This was very different from Cost-Plus Pricing.

187 As for the valuation of the goods supplied for the purposes of the
parties’ equity contributions to the JV, Michael testified that only the goods
supplied by SRK were valued at cost for this purpose; the JDM Entities had a
“build-up of inventory …, so cost wasn’t relevant” and “[m]arket became cost”.
224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE, 27 February 2023, at 32:22–33:9.

Again, this was different from what had been pleaded.

No agreement on manner in which profits would be distributed

188 No agreement has been reached on the manner in which the profits made by
the JV would be distributed to the JV entities. Given the structure of the JV,
this was not a straightforward matter.

189 Goods supplied by the SRK Entities to the JDM Entities via JGJ had to be
recorded in the respective entities’ books as sales by the SRK Entities to JGJ
and by JGJ to the JDM Entities. Each entity’s book would reflect its own
profit and loss. However, for purposes of the JV, the supply of goods by the
SRK Entities was to constitute their contributions towards the capital of the
JV and profits made by the JV entities were to constitute profits of the JV.

190 The manner of distributing the JV profits to the JV entities involved tax
and regulatory considerations. This is supported by the fact that in February
2016, Amit and Michael sought professional tax and regulatory advice on the
distribution of profits by the JV. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

2 JCB 24–31.

Michael also confirmed that JGJ was a “place to keep the profits” for tax
reasons and that accountants were hired to “figure out exactly the book
transactions” for the JV profits to be distributed through JGJ. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 160:16–20; NE, 28 February 2023, at 18:3–8.

191 Tax was clearly an important consideration for the parties. In October
2016, Michael and Amit (representing JGJ) again sought professional tax and
regulatory advice, this time involving an evaluation of the United Arab
Emirates and Hong Kong as potential preferred jurisdictions compared to
Singapore. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

4 JCB 573–586.

The analysis was to include:

(a) withholding implications for payments to shareholders and availability of
foreign tax credits for taxes withheld by the customer/subsidiary;

(b) transfer pricing regulations;

(c) tax analysis from the perspective of shareholders from the US, Singapore
and UK; and

(d) tax and regulatory implications for transactions between US entities and
the JV company.

192 Clearly, the manner of distribution of the JV’s profits was a material
term of the JV/JVA since it involved tax and regulatory considerations.
However, it is also clear that how this was to be done had not been worked
out, much less agreed.

Whether JGJ has standing to enforce the JVA

193 As the JVA is not legally enforceable, the question of JGJ’s standing to
enforce the JVA does not arise. In any event, it would appear that JGJ cannot
enforce the JVA because it is not a party to it. JGJ’s pleaded case is that
the JVA was entered into on 13 January 2015; JGJ could not have been a party
to the JVA then. JGJ’s pleaded case does not state how or when it subsequently
became a party to the JVA.

What is JGJ’s liability and/or claim in respect of the 23M Invoices, 42M
Invoices and 2.2M Invoices

No agreement to pay the invoiced amounts

194 I have found that the collaboration between the SRK Entities and the JDM
Entities was on the basis of the JV. Under the terms of the JV/JVA,

(a) goods supplied by the parties pursuant to the JV would be treated as
equity contributions to the JV and valued at cost for this purpose; and

(b) the invoices were not intended to create any liability to pay on the
invoices.

195 It follows from the above that there was no agreement by JGJ to pay for
the goods supplied by SRK and TJCI based on the amounts stated in the 23M
Invoices, 42M Invoices or 2.2M Invoices. The amounts on the invoices were to
comply with tax and regulatory requirements (including transfer pricing). My
finding that there was no legally enforceable JVA means that JGJ cannot rely
on its defence that it is not liable to pay on the invoices until either the
Termination Settlement Exercise or the Accounting Reconciliation has been
concluded. However, it does not change the fact that there was no agreement by
JGJ to pay the invoice amounts.

196 My finding that there was no agreement to pay the invoiced amounts is
supported by Vikas’ testimony. Vikas (who was employed by TJCI as the
accountant for the JV) testified that he was not concerned about the due dates
on invoices issued by the SRK Entities because he acted on requests from Amit;
the invoices were the “mechanisms for the transfer of funds from one JV party
to other JV party.” 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NE, 7 March 2023, at 117:17–23.

Vikas’ testimony supports JGJ’s case that JGJ had no legal obligation or
liability to pay on the invoices and that SRK had no expectation of receiving
payment under the invoices. Using the invoices in this manner was both
convenient and practical since the payment to SRK had to be recorded in both
JGJ’s and SRK’s books.

197 Counsel for SRK and the counterclaim defendants prepared a table setting
out various requests for payment and matching the payments (made pursuant to
each request) to the 42M Invoices (“Exhibit P6”). In my view, Exhibit P6
supported Vikas’ evidence that payments were made to SRK based on requests for
funds and that the invoices were the “mechanisms for the transfer of funds”.

198 First, there were several requests by SRK for funds from JGJ for the
express and specific purpose of purchasing gold. Payments were then made
pursuant to these requests, purportedly as payment of invoices. It is clear
that the invoices were just the mechanism by which the payments for the
purchase of gold were effected.

(a) A request was made on 28 June 2016 for the amount of US$270,000. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

3 JCB 197; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A13.

This amount was paid to SRK on 29 June 2016, purportedly as payment in full of
two invoices dated 4 and 7 December 2015, and as part-payment of two invoices
dated 4 and 8 December 2015. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 23–26.

(b) A request was made on 31 August 2016 for the amount of US$400,000. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

4 JCB 264; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A16.

This amount was paid on 1 September 2016, purportedly as payment in full of
two invoices dated 8 and 12 January 2016, and as part-payment of two invoices
dated 30 December 2015 and 15 January 2016. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 37–40.

(c) A request was made on 8 September 2016 for the amount of US$290,000. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

4 JCB 405; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A17.

This amount was paid on 9 September 2016, purportedly in part-payment of an
invoice dated 15 January 2016. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 40.

(d) A request was made on 13 September 2016 for the amount of US$500,000. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

4 JCB 426; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A18.

This amount was paid on 14 September 2016, purportedly as part-payment of an
invoice dated 15 January 2016 (which had been part-paid on 9 September 2016 –
see (c) above) and an invoice dated 22 January 2016, and payment in full of
two invoices dated 18 and 22 January 2016. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 40–41 and 43–44.

(e) A request was made on 30 January 2017 for the amount of US$310,558.48. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

5 JCB 383; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A34.

This amount was paid on the same day, purportedly as part-payment of an
invoice dated 3 May 2016. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 82.

199 Second, Exhibit P6 also shows that there were several requests by SRK to
JGJ for payment of lump sums that were in round numbers and had no direct link
to any invoice. Payment was again then made pursuant to these requests,
purportedly as payment of invoices. For example:

(a) A request was made on 5 May 2015 for the amount of US$100,000. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

2 JCB 412; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A8.

This amount was paid on 6 May 2015, purportedly as payment in full of an
invoice dated 27 October 2015, and as part-payment of an invoice dated 30
October 2015. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 13–14.

(b) A request was made on 18 August 2016 for the amount of US$450,000. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

4 JCB 237; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A15.

This amount was paid on 20 August 2016, purportedly as payment in full of two
invoices dated 21 December 2018, and as part-payment of two invoices dated 18
and 30 December 2015. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 34–37.

(c) A request was made on 17 November 2016 for the amount of US$700,000. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

4 JCB 628; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A25.

This amount was paid on 18 November 2016, purportedly as payment in full of
three invoices dated 23, 23 and 24 February 2016, and part-payment of two
invoices dated 19 and 26 February 2016. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 54–58.

(d) A request was made on 27 April 2017 for an amount of US$585,000. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

5 JCB 597; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A50.

This amount was paid on 27 April 2017, purportedly as payment in full of two
invoices dated 16 and 19 August 2016, and part-payment of an invoice dated 19
August 2016. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 121–123.

200 Third, if payments made by JGJ to SRK were truly payment of outstanding
invoices, one would expect that the invoices would be paid in chronological
order, ie, older invoices would be paid first. However, Exhibit P6 shows that
the invoices selected for payment pursuant to requests for funds were not
always selected in chronological order. Exhibit P6 shows the following:

(a) An amount of US$170,781.92 was paid on 30 September 2015, 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

14 AB 528; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A129.

purportedly as payment in full of an invoice dated 18 September 2015. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 2.

An earlier unpaid invoice dated 15 September 2015 was ignored. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 1.

The earlier invoice was subsequently purportedly paid on 15 October 2015 using
part of the funds transferred pursuant to a request made on 14 October 2015
for the amount of US$30,619.05. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

1 JCB 522; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A1 and s/n 1.

(b) On 15 October 2015, the balance of the funds transferred pursuant to the
request made on 14 October 2015 (see (a) above) was paid purportedly as
payment in full of an invoice dated 13 October 2015. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 8.

Five earlier unpaid invoices were ignored. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 3–7.

These earlier invoices were subsequently purportedly paid between 26 February
2016 and 6 April 2016 using funds transferred pursuant to requests made
between 25 February 2016 and 5 April 2016. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Exhibit P6, PR Ref A2–A5 and s/n 3–7.

(c) A request was made on 17 March 2016 for the amount of US$252,564.66. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

2 JCB 329; Exhibit P6, PR Ref A3.

On 18 March 2016, part of this amount was paid purportedly as payment in full
of an invoice dated 23 November 2015. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 20.

Several earlier unpaid invoices dated between 9 October 2015 and 20 November
2015 were ignored. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 7, 9–19.

These earlier invoices were subsequently purportedly paid between 23 March
2016 and 9 June 2016 using funds transferred pursuant to requests made between
22 March 2016 and 8 June 2016. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Exhibit P6, PR Ref A4–A11 and s/n 7, 9–19.

201 The 23M Invoices (which SRK is seeking payment of in S 418) include
invoices dated in 2016. Exhibit P6 shows that payments of the 42M Invoices,
include payments of invoices that were dated in 2017. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Exhibit P6, s/n 735–753.

Again, this shows that invoices were not selected for payment chronologically.

202 The manner in which payments were made purportedly as payment of invoices
confirms Vikas’ testimony that the invoices were just the mechanism for the
transfer of funds to SRK.

SRK’s and TJCI’s claim for payment of reasonable compensation

203 Both SRK and TJCI submit, in the alternative, that they are entitled to
reasonable compensation for the goods that they have supplied. There is no
dispute that the goods under the 23M Invoices, 42M Invoices and 2.2M Invoices
were received and there is also no dispute over the quality of the goods. In
this regard, SRK and TJCI plead a claim in “restitutionary quantum meruit”.
259

##### Foot Note 259

×

S 418 SOC, at paras 9–11; 2nd and 7th defendants in counterclaim’s Defence to
Counterclaim and 2nd defendant in counterclaim’s Counterclaim to Defendant’s
Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) in S 418 (“S 418 CC – 2D&7D Def & 2D CC”), at
para 24B; SRK and others’ Aide-Memoire for Oral Closing Submissions, at para
24.

204 For the following reasons, I find that SRK and TJCI succeed in their
claims for payment of reasonable compensation.

205 The basis for recovery under a claim based on restitutionary quantum
meruit is that of unjust enrichment. The claimant must show the following
three things: (a) a benefit had been received or the defendants had been
enriched; (b) this benefit or enrichment was at his expense; and (c) the
enrichment was “unjust”. If these three elements are satisfied, the further
question to consider is whether there are any defences to the claim: Higgins,
Danial Patrick v Mulacek, Philippe Emanuel and others and another suit [2016]
5 SLR 848 at [54]; Eng Chiet Shoong and others v Cheong Soh Chin and others
and another appeal [2016] 4 SLR 728 at [33]. Unconscionability, or a general
reference to unconscionability, is neither the test for unjust enrichment nor
an unjust factor. There is no freestanding claim in unjust enrichment on the
abstract basis that it is “unjust” for the defendant to retain the benefit –
there must be a particular recognised unjust factor or event which gives rise
to a claim: Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Wee Chiaw Sek
Anna”) at [100] and [134]. The list of “unjust factors” includes: mistake,
duress, undue influence, failure of consideration/basis, and illegality: Wee
Chiaw Sek Anna at [132]–[133]. The categories of unjust enrichment are not
closed, but the courts are generally cautious not to recognise new grounds of
recovery too freely: Singapore Swimming Club v Koh Sin Chong Freddie [2016] 3
SLR 845 at [93].

206 During its oral opening, JGJ accepted that if the JVA is not legally
enforceable and there was no agreement to pay the prices as invoiced, then it
would be liable for the reasonable value of the goods subject to its claim for
“counter restitution”, ie, recovery of the excess paid on the 42M Invoices.
260

##### Foot Note 260

×

NE, 14 February 2023, at 37:5–23.

207 However, in its closing submissions, JGJ takes a different position and
submits that SRK’s claim in unjust enrichment fails for the following reasons:

(a) JGJ was not enriched as JGJ never received the goods; 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at paras 381–382.

(b) SRK and TJCI have failed to plead and prove a valid unjust factor; 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at paras 374–380.

(c) SRK and TJCI are estopped from seeking recovery under unjust enrichment;
263

##### Foot Note 263

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at paras 173, 383.

(d) JGJ has bona fide changed its position; 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at paras 173, 384.

(e) JGJ is entitled to counter-restitution; 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at paras 386–388.

and

(f) SRK and TJCI have come to court with unclean hands. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at para 389.

208 I disagree with JGJ’s submissions and find that SRK and TJCI have valid
unjust enrichment claims in respect of the goods supplied under the 23M
Invoices and the 2.2M Invoices respectively.

JGJ was enriched at the expense of SRK and TJCI

209 I reject JGJ’s submission that it was not enriched as it never received
the goods.

(a) This was not part of JGJ’s pleaded case. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

NE, 27 April 2023, 72:7–10.

(b) The thrust of JGJ’s argument is that the goods were shipped directly to
the JDM Entities and TJCNY. I agree with SRK and TJCI that this is a
“technical” argument, 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

and the whole three-way arrangement must be looked at as a whole. The
arrangement involved a sale by SRK/TJCI to JGJ and a corresponding sale by JGJ
to the JDM Entities and TJCNY. JGJ invoiced the JDM Entities and TJCNY for the
goods at a profit. The goods were shipped directly to the JDM Entities and
TJCNY with JGJ’s agreement. In my view, JGJ did receive a benefit from or was
enriched by the arrangement. Whether the JDM Entities and TJCNY have paid JGJ
is irrelevant.

210 JGJ’s enrichment from the goods delivered under the 23M Invoices and the
2.2M Invoices was clearly at the expense of SRK and TJCI since they have not
received any compensation.

The “unjust factor”

211 SRK and TJCI have pleaded “total and/or partial failure of consideration”
as the “unjust factor”. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

S 418 SOC, at para 9; S 418 CC – 2D&7D Def & 2D CC, at para 24B.

The core underlying idea of failure of consideration as an unjust factor is
simple: benefit has been conferred on the joint understanding that the
recipient’s right to retain it is conditional. If the condition is not
fulfilled, the recipient must return the benefit. The inquiry thus has two
parts: first, what was the basis for the transfer in respect of which
restitution is sought; and second, did that basis fail? See Benzline Auto Pte
Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR 239 at [46]. Where
an agreement is reached under which an individual provides money and services
in return for a legal but unenforceable promise which the promissor, after the
money has been paid and the services provided, refuses to carry out, the
individual would be entitled to a restitutionary remedy. The consideration in
return for which the money was paid and the services were provided would have
wholly failed: Yeoman’s Row Management Ltd and another v Cobbe [2008] UKHL 55
at [43]; MacInnes v Gross [2017] EWHC 46 (QB) (“MacInnes”) at [79], [168]. In
MacInnes, the court found that the terms of the alleged contract were both too
complex and too uncertain to be enforceable and there was no agreement on the
critical issue as to the nature of the claimant’s remuneration; yet, there was
a possible claim in unjust enrichment on a quantum meruit basis against the
defendant that benefited from the claimant’s services.

212 In the present case, I have found on the available evidence that the
parties did conduct themselves on the basis of the JV (see [63] above). SRK
and TJCI supplied the goods to JGJ, by way of direct shipment to the JDM
Entities and TJCNY, on the basis of the JV. As I have found that the JVA is
unenforceable (see [172] above), the basis for the supply of the goods has
failed. Therefore, I find and hold that there was total failure of
consideration.

213 I turn next to the defences raised by JGJ.

Defence of estoppel

214 JGJ contends that SRK and TJCI are estopped from seeking recovery under
unjust enrichment. JGJ’s pleaded case is that: 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 15F; Reply to 2nd and 7th defendants in counterclaim’s
Defence to Counterclaim and 2nd defendant in counterclaim’s Counterclaim to
Defendant’s Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) in S 418 (“S 418 Reply to 2CCD&7CCD
Def & 2CCD CC”), at para 17.

(a) SRK and TJCI did not demand payment of the invoices as and when they fell
due but treated the goods supplied under the invoices as the SRK Entities’
equity contribution to the JV;

(b) by their conduct SRK and TJCI represented to JGJ that the invoices issued
would not create any liability on the part of JGJ to make payment;

(c) in reliance thereon, JGJ dealt with the goods on the premise that there
was a joint venture between the SRK Entities, the JDM Entities and JGJ, and
the goods were shipped directly to the JDM Entities and TJCNY.

215 To successfully raise the defence of estoppel by representation, three
elements must be satisfied: representation, reliance and detriment: United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Bank of China [2006] 1 SLR(R) 57 at [18]. It must be
demonstrated that a party was encouraged to act to his detriment by the
representation such that it would be unconscionable for the party making the
representation to insist upon his strict legal rights: Yokogawa Engineering
Asia Pte Ltd v Transtel Engineering Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 532 at [18].

216 In my view, JGJ’s defence of estoppel fails. The parties had simply
conducted themselves on the basis of the JVA, which now turns out to be
legally unenforceable. The alleged representation (that the invoices would not
create a liability to pay) was a term of the JVA and reflected the parties’
common understanding of their relationship. It was not a representation by SRK
and/or TJCI. The fact that the JVA is not legally enforceable cannot turn a
mutually agreed term in the JVA into a representation by SRK and/or TJCI.

Defence of change of position

217 JGJ contends that it had bona fide changed its position. JGJ argues that
it dealt with the goods supplied under the 23M Invoices and 2.2M Invoices on
the basis of the JV/JVA and as such, it did not receive or retain any payment
or other benefit for the goods supplied under the 23M Invoices and 2.2M
Invoices, which it would otherwise have had if it were or were regarded as the
seller of the said goods. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 15G; S 418 Reply to 2CCD&7CCD Def & 2CCD CC, at para 18.

218 To rely on the bona fide change of position defence, the following
requirements must be met: (a) the person enriched had changed his position;
(b) the change was bona fide; and (c) it would be inequitable to require the
person enriched to make restitution: Management Corporation Strata Title Plan
No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 at [35].

219 In my view, JGJ’s defence of change of position also fails. JGJ did not
change its position; it merely conducted itself on the basis of the JVA. The
fact that the JVA is now found to be legally unenforceable cannot mean that
JGJ has therefore changed its position. In any case, it is not inequitable to
require JGJ to make restitution. SRK and TJCI supplied the goods pursuant to
the JVA and JGJ had the benefit of the goods. The JVA is now found to be
legally unenforceable. It accords with good sense and equity that JGJ should
compensate SRK and TJCI a reasonable amount for the goods. Indeed, it would be
inequitable otherwise.

Defence of counter-restitution

220 JGJ contends that it is entitled to counter-restitution in that:

(a) SRK is liable to make counter-restitution to JGJ for the benefits that SRK
received under the 42M Invoices; 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 15H(a).

and

(b) SRK and/or TJCI are liable to make counter-restitution for (i) the
benefits that the SRK Entities received pursuant to withdrawals made from the
JV’s Capital Accounts, and/or (ii) any payments or set-offs to be made by/to
each of the parties to the JV. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

S 418 D&CC, at para 15H(b)–(c); S 418 Reply to 2CCD&7CCD Def & 2CCD CC, at
para 19.

221 JGJ refers to School Facility Management Ltd and others v Governing Body
of Christ the King College and another (Nos 1 & 2) [2021] 1 WLR 6129 (at
[83]–[84]) in support of its submission that the counter-restitution principle
operates as a defence to a claim for unjust enrichment where the benefits
enjoyed by the claimant are sufficient closely connected with the benefits
provided to, and which are sought to be recovered from the defendant, such
that justice requires those benefits to be taken into account and credit given
for them by the claimant in its claim against the defendant. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at para 386.

I agree with the principle.

222 JGJ has paid SRK on the 42M Invoices. However, JGJ’s liability to SRK
under the 42M Invoices would be for a reasonable amount for the goods supplied
under those invoices, similar to its liabilities under the 23M Invoices and
the 2.2M Invoices. I agree with JGJ that SRK is liable to make counter-
restitution to JGJ for the amount that SRK has received from JGJ under the 42M
Invoices that exceeds what the reasonable amount should be.

223 I reject JGJ’s claim for counter-restitution of withdrawals made by the
SRK Entities from the JV’s Capital Accounts. JGJ has not shown what these
withdrawals are and how justice requires these to be taken into account.

224 I also reject JGJ’s claim for counter-restitution of payments or set-offs
by/to each of the JV parties. JGJ has also not shown what these are and how
justice requires that they be taken into account. In addition, it seems to me
that this is tantamount to enforcing the JVA, which I have found to be legally
unenforceable.

Defence of unclean hands

225 JGJ submits that given its equitable origins, a claim in unjust enrichment
can be defeated if the claimant comes to court with unclean hands. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at para 389.

The submissions before me on this point are thin. In any case, assuming such a
defence is available, I disagree with JGJ’s allegation that SRK and TJCI have
come to court with unclean hands. JGJ argues that SRK’s and TJCI’s pleadings
paint a false narrative of a simple customer-supplier relationship. In my
view, my finding that the BA is a concoction is insufficient reason for a
finding that SRK and TJCI have come to court with unclean hands.

Expert Calculations in respect of the 23M Invoices, 42M Invoices and 2.2M
Invoices

226 Having determined that SRK and TJCI are entitled to payment of reasonable
amounts for the goods supplied under the 23M and 2.2M Invoices respectively,
and that JGJ is entitled to counter-restitution in respect of the 42M
Invoices, the next question is what are the reasonable amounts payable under
these invoices?

227 The starting point in valuing the enrichment is the objective market
value, or market price: Benedetti and another v Sawiris and others [2014] AC
938 (“Benedetti”) at [15]. The market value of goods is the price which a
reasonable person in the defendant’s position would have had to pay for the
goods: Benedetti at [17].

228 The best proxy for the market value of the goods supplied would be the
Cost-Plus Pricing, as it is the summation of the goods priced at cost plus a
mark-up to cover other related costs (eg, marketing, duties and taxes) and
some profit (see [51(c)] above).

229 In his expert report, JGJ’s expert, Mr Robert Golden (“Golden”),
calculated the total cost-plus amounts in respect of the 42M Invoices, 23M
Invoices and 2.2M Invoices at US$61,762,344.40, comprising the following: 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Golden’s expert report in S 418, at para 52(c).

(a) US$40,526,969.99 in respect of the 42M Invoices, compared to their face
value of US$42,994,312.66 (see [28(a)] above);

(b) US$19,207,527.50 in respect of the 23M Invoices, compared to their face
value of US$23,400,456.25 (see [28(b)] above); and

(c) US$2,027,846.91 in respect of the 2.2M Invoices, compared to their face
value of US$2,211,077.91 (see [30] above).

230 During his oral testimony, Golden conceded that there were some
inaccuracies in some of the figures used in his calculations when compared to
the source documents. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

See, eg, NE, 27 March 2023, at 28:2–29:21, 33:8–34:11.

Apparently, Golden had relied on figures in a spreadsheet that was provided to
him. In its written closing submissions, SRK stated that after correcting the
inaccuracies, Golden’s cost-plus figure in respect of the 23M Invoices should
be US$20,210,267.04. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

SRK and others’ Closing Submissions in S 418, at paras 3 and 180; see, also,
SRK and others’ Aide-Memoire for Oral Closing Submissions, at para 35.

During oral closing submissions, SRK confirmed that Golden’s cost-plus figure
in respect of the 23M Invoices should be US$20,006,350.16 instead. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE, 27 April 2023, at 102:16–24.

231 SRK has no changes to make to Golden’s cost-plus figure in respect of the
42M Invoices. SRK accepts that based on Golden’s computations, SRK has to
return to JGJ the sum of US$2,467,350.67, 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

NE, 27 April 2023, at 102:25–103:8.

which represents the difference between the face value of the 42M Invoices and
Golden’s cost-plus figure in respect of the 42M Invoices (see [229(a)] above).

232 TJCI has no changes to make to Golden’s cost-plus figure in respect of the
2.2M Invoices. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

SRK and others’ Closing Submissions in S 418, at paras 3 and 180; see, also,
SRK and others’ Aide-Memoire for Oral Closing Submissions, at para 35.

233 Thus, based on Golden’s calculations (after SRK’s corrections for
inaccuracies):

(a) The quantum of SRK’s restitutionary claim in respect of the 23M Invoices,
taking into account JGJ’s counter-restitutionary claim in respect of the 42M
Invoices, is US$17,538,999.49. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

US$20,006,350.16 – US$2,467,350.67; see, also, NE, 27 April 2023, at
103:10–13.

(b) The quantum of TJCI’s restitutionary claim in respect of the 2.2M Invoices
is US$2,027,846.91.

234 SRK’s and TJCI’s expert, Mr Tam Chee Chong (“Tam”), was instructed to
calculate the amount due and payable by JGJ to SRK and TJCI based on “the
purported Cost-Plus Pricing terms envisaged in the purported Accounting
Reconciliation exercise in the alleged Joint Venture”. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Tam’s expert report in S 418, at para 16 (Issue 3).

Tam adopted a three-step approach: 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Tam’s expert report in S 418, at para 66.

(a) Step 1 – Calculate the profit/loss attributable to the sales by SRK-
Sachin, TJCI and SRK-BDB to JGJ for the financial years ended 31 March 2016,
2017 and 2018 based on certain profit margins;

(b) Step 2 – Calculate the cost of sales by SRK-Sachin, TJCI and SRK-BDB to
JGJ for the years ended 31 March 2016, 2017 and 2018 based on the profit/loss
calculated in Step 1 above;

(c) Step 3 – Calculate the sales by SRK-Sachin, TJCI and SRK-BDB to JGJ based
on the purported Cost-Plus Pricing terms using the cost of sales calculated in
Step 2 and applying the profit margins ranging from 5% to 10%.

235 JGJ criticises Tam’s methodology in deriving the profit margins under Step
1 above, mainly because Tam had used the profit margins of sales which
included sales attributable to the JV, including direct sales to the JDM
Entities’ end customers, as the proxy for the profit margins of sales to JGJ.
285

##### Foot Note 285

×

JGJ’s Closing Submissions, at para 394.

There is force in JGJ’s criticism. However, it is not necessary for me to deal
with Tam’s calculations because in its closing submissions, SRK and TJCI have
been content to proceed on the basis of Golden’s calculations.

JGJ’s liability in respect of the 23M Invoices and the 2.2M Invoices

236 Accordingly, JGJ is liable to pay:

(a) SRK the sum of US$17,538,999.49 in respect of SRK’s restitutionary claim
under the 23M Invoices (see [233(a)] above); and

(b) TJCI the sum of US$2,027,846.91 in respect of TJCI’s restitutionary claim
under the 2.2M Invoices (see [233(b)] above).

Whether the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants are liable to JGJ for inducing
breaches of the JVA

237 JGJ’s claim against the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants for inducing
breaches of the JVA fails in the light of my finding that the JVA is not
legally enforceable.

Whether the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants are liable to JGJ for conspiracy to
injure JGJ

238 To establish a claim in unlawful means conspiracy, a claimant must prove
the following: (a) that two or more persons engaged in a combination to do
certain acts; (b) that those persons intended to cause damage or injury to the
plaintiff by those acts; (c) that the acts were unlawful; (d) that the acts
were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and (e) that the claimant has
suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy: EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [112].
The elements of a lawful means conspiracy are the same as the elements of an
unlawful means conspiracy save that element (c) requires the claimant to
establish that the conspirators carried out lawful acts with the predominant
purpose of causing injury or damage to the claimant, which purpose was in fact
achieved: Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 at [45]; Ok
Tedi Fly River Development Foundation Ltd and others v Ok Tedi Mining Ltd and
others [2023] 3 SLR 652 at [113].

239 JGJ claims that one or more of the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants
conspired, through lawful or unlawful means, to injure JGJ and procured: 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

S 418 D&CC, at paras 27 and 32.

(a) SRK to issue the 23M Invoices and the 42M Invoices at prices that were not
based on Cost-Plus Pricing;

(b) JGJ to pay the 42M Invoices and SRK to demand payment of the 23M Invoices,
despite knowing that JGJ was not liable to make payment on the 42M Invoices
and 23M Invoices.

240 In my view, JGJ’s counterclaim for conspiracy to injure is clearly
unmeritorious and must be dismissed.

241 It is true that the prices in the 23M Invoices and 42M Invoices were based
on Sell-Minus Pricing and not Cost-Plus Pricing. However, as Michael
testified, the parties agreed to the goods being invoiced based on Sell-Minus
Pricing (see [186] above). As for the payment of the 42M Invoices, JGJ’s own
evidence is that the invoices were merely the mechanism for the transfer of
funds requested by SRK (see [196] above). I cannot see how invoicing based on
Sell-Minus Pricing or the payment purportedly of the 42M Invoices or SRK’s
mere demand for payment under the 23M Invoices can support JGJ’s conspiracy
claim.

Summary of my findings and conclusions in S 418

242 In summary, my findings and conclusions in S 418 are as follows:

(a) The collaboration between the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities (which
includes TJCNY) was on the basis of the JV/JVA and the alleged BA is a
concoction by the SRK Entities.

(b) The JVA is not legally enforceable. It follows that the question of JGJ’s
standing to enforce the JVA does not arise.

(c) There was no agreement that JGJ was to pay the amounts stated in the 23M
Invoices, 42M Invoices and 2.2M Invoices. However, SRK and TJCI are entitled
to reasonable compensation for the goods supplied by them.

(i) The reasonable compensation under the 42M Invoices is US$40,526,969.99. As
US$42,994,312.66 has been paid to SRK, JGJ is entitled to a counter-
restitutionary claim of US$2,467,350.67 in respect of the 42M Invoices.

(ii) The reasonable compensation under the 23M Invoices is US$20,210,267.04.
Taking into account JGJ’s counter-restitutionary claim in respect of the 42M
Invoices, JGJ is liable to pay SRK US$17,538,999.49 in respect of SRK’s
restitutionary claim under the 23M Invoices.

(iii) The reasonable compensation under the 2.2M Invoices is US$2,027,846.91.
JGJ is liable to pay this amount in respect of TJCI’s restitutionary claim
under the 2.2M Invoices.

(d) As the JVA is not legally enforceable, JGJ fails in its counterclaims
against the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants for inducing breaches of the JVA.

(e) JGJ fails in its counterclaim against the S 418 Counterclaim Defendants
for conspiracy to injure.

Parties’ cases in S 475

Shailesh’s claim

243 Shailesh’s pleaded case is as follows:

(a) As a shareholder of JGJ, he has legitimate expectations that, as directors
of JGJ, the Kriss Brothers would act honestly, diligently, in the interests of
JGJ, avoid being in positions of conflict of interests and ensure that JGJ’s
financial statements give a true and fair view of JGJ’s financial position.
287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) in S 475 (“S 475 SOC”), at para 9.

(b) The Kriss Brothers acted in breach of their fiduciary duties owed to JGJ
and the manner in which they conducted certain acts demonstrates the
commercially unfair manner in which Shailesh was treated, thereby defeating
his legitimate expectations. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

S 475 SOC, at paras 44 and 57–58.

244 Shailesh’s pleaded case complained about several acts by the Kriss
Brothers. However, in his closing submissions, Shailesh has pursued only his
complaints against the following conduct of the Kriss Brothers, which he says
demonstrates commercial unfairness: 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Shailesh’s Closing Submissions in S 475, at paras 44, 52, 67–68 and 125.

(a) passing the First Resolution (which authorised the commencement of legal
action to recover the TJCNY Debt) and the Second Resolution (which authorised
the commencement of legal action against SRK and TJCI for overcharging JGJ);
Shailesh says these resolutions gave preferential treatment to a total debt of
US$23,051,737 owed by the JDM Entities to JGJ;

(b) manipulating JGJ’s accounts by making four unjustified adjustments to
JGJ’s 2016 FS, and failing to provide documentary evidence and explanations to
JGJ’s auditors, thereby resulting in a disclaimer of opinion for JGJ’s 2016 FS
and adverse opinions for JGJ’s 2017 FS and 2018 FS; and

(c) refusing to provide further information to Shailesh and/or engage Shailesh
regarding the adoption of JGJ’s 2016 FS.

245 Shailesh pleaded various reliefs. However, in his closing submissions, he
has pursued only the following reliefs: 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Shailesh’s Closing Submissions in S 475, at paras 135, 138.

(a) An order that the Kriss Brothers do all that is necessary to effect a
restatement of JGJ’s 2016 FS, 2017 FS and 2018 FS such that the four
adjustments to JGJ’s 2016 FS are removed, and that the Kriss Brothers re-
submit the restated financial statements to the auditors for a fuller audit,
with the audited accounts to be filed with the relevant authorities.

(b) An order that the Kriss Brothers procure and/or cause the JDM Entities to
pay the sum of US$23,051,737 to an escrow agent (at the Kriss Brothers’
expense) to be held in escrow until further order.

(c) Alternatively, an order that Shailesh be authorised to commence, on behalf
of JGJ, legal proceedings against the JDM Entities to recover the debts owed
to JGJ.

246 The Kriss Brothers’ case is that: 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

The Kriss Brothers’ Defence (Amendment No 3) in S 475 (“Kriss Brothers’ S 475
Defence”), at paras 11A, 15–19, 37A–47.

(a) Shailesh is the SRK Entities’ nominee shareholder and nominee director in
JGJ. He does not have the legitimate expectations as alleged by him. None of
his interests have been prejudiced.

(b) Shailesh does not dispute the TJCNY Debt, the recovery of which was
authorised by the First Resolution.

(c) The First and Second Resolutions were validly passed in accordance with
JGJ’s Articles of Association.

(d) It was in the interests of JGJ to recover the TJCNY Debt from TJCNY and to
take action against SRK and TJCI for overcharging JGJ in respect of the
diamonds and diamond jewellery sold to JGJ.

(e) There was no agreement or understanding that Shailesh would be entitled to
participate in any of JGJ’s management decisions, including decisions relating
to the 2018 US Proceedings.

(f) In the 2018 US Proceedings, JGJ (together with the JDM Entities) are
seeking, among other things, their share of the profits owed by the SRK
Entities under the JVA. Accordingly, the issues to be determined in the 2018
US Proceedings would also include the veracity of any alleged debts due and
owing as between JGJ, the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities. They have
therefore not preferred the JDM Entities’ interests.

(g) The four adjustments to JGJ’s 2016 FS were made to address inaccuracies
that the Kriss Brothers discovered in the 2015 FS. The Kriss Brothers’
inability to produce sufficient documentary evidence to the auditors was
solely the result of the SRK Entities having wrongfully and improperly
retained JGJ’s and the JV’s accounting books and records upon the termination
of the JV.

(h) The requisite resolutions relating to JGJ’s 2016 FS were validly passed in
accordance with JGJ’s Articles of Association.

JGJ’s counterclaim

247 JGJ’s case is that Shailesh breached his fiduciary duties by: 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

JGJ’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) in S 475 (“JGJ’s S 475 D&CC”),
at paras 14A, 14B, 19A, 19B, 24A, 29A, 29B and 41.

(a) refusing and/or failing to sign the First, Second and/or Third
Resolutions; in the alternative, refusing and/or failing to abstain from
voting on the First, Second and/or Third Resolutions; and

(b) requesting the following information and documents for collateral and/or
ulterior purposes:

(i) documents in relation to the TJCNY Debt and any other claims;

(ii) details of current signatories of JGJ’s IDBNY Account, details of the
transactions pertaining to the account, monthly bank statements and details of
any other bank accounts in JGJ’s name; and

(iii) copy of the legal opinion that Ng should have obtained on the validity
and strength of the claim to recover the TJCNY Debt and other claims, purchase
orders or other similar documents and invoices in relation to transactions
amongst JGJ, SRK and TJCI.

248 JGJ seeks declarations that Shailesh has acted in breach of his fiduciary
duties, an order restraining Shailesh from seeking information or
participating in decisions relating to JGJ’s claims against the SRK Entities
or defence against the SRK Entities’ claims, and damages.

249 Shailesh denies JGJ’s counterclaim.

The issues in S 475

250 The issues in S 475 are as follows:

(a) Whether Shailesh is SRK’s nominee shareholder in JGJ?

(b) If he is, whether he has standing to bring a claim under s 216 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”)?

(c) Whether Shailesh can claim legitimate expectations that the Kriss Brothers
would fulfil their duties as directors?

(d) Whether the Kriss Brothers’ conduct in connection with the First and
Second Resolutions was commercially unfair?

(e) Whether the Kriss Brothers’ conduct in connection with the four
adjustments to JGJ’s 2016 FS was commercially unfair?

(f) Whether Shailesh breached his director’s duties as alleged by JGJ?

(g) What are the reliefs to be granted (if any) to Shailesh and JGJ?

Whether Shailesh is SRK’s nominee shareholder in JGJ

251 I find that Shailesh held his shares in JGJ as SRK’s nominee. I also find
that Shailesh was SRK’s nominee director in JGJ.

252 First, when Shailesh became a 50% shareholder in JGJ on 31 March 2015:

(a) he had met Michael only once, when Rahul and Amit introduced him to
Michael at a trade show in Hong Kong in March 2015; 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at para 20; NE, 21 February 2023, at 84:24.

he did not otherwise know Michael;

(b) apart from the fact that JGJ would buy diamond jewellery from SRK and sell
them to the JDM Entities, he did not know the details of the arrangement
between SRK and JGJ or what JGJ’s business plans were; 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NE, 22 February 2023, at 36:17–38:12, 39:21–40:2.

(c) he did not know what the amount of his investment in JGJ would be although
Rahul allegedly told him that it could be “around US$700,000 or US$800,000 or
US$1 million”; 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

NE, 22 February 2023, at 39:5–11.

there was no evidence that Shailesh asked Michael how much money he would have
to contribute to JGJ’s capital;

(d) Shailesh was not asked to make any capital contribution and he did not ask
about his capital contribution; and

(e) there were no discussions or negotiations between Shailesh and the Kriss
Brothers even though Rahul had allegedly asked him to speak to Michael. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

NE, 22 February 2023, at 38:13–39:1.

253 Shailesh’s nonchalance about his investment in JGJ is strong evidence that
he was acting as a nominee for SRK. The details were for SRK to sort out with
the Kriss Brothers and were of no concern to Shailesh. Shailesh’s lack of
interest in the details of the arrangement between SRK and JGJ, and in JGJ’s
business plans, are particularly telling. Both would affect JGJ’s
profitability, which would surely have been of great concern to Shailesh if
(as he claims) he was making an investment in JGJ. In addition, JGJ was to
sell the diamonds and diamond jewellery to the JDM Entities which he knew were
controlled by the Kriss Brothers. Yet, Shailesh had no concern about the
details (eg, pricing) of JGJ’s sales to the JDM Entities. Shailesh’s
explanation that he relied on the fact that Rahul had recommended the
investment opportunity to him is too incredulous to believe. This is all the
more so when, according to him, Rahul had asked him to speak to Michael about
the investment.

254 Second, Shailesh’s lack of interest in JGJ’s business continued after he
became a shareholder.

(a) Shailesh did not meet or talk to Michael. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 84:24, 85:5–8, 85:23–86:3.

Shailesh could not even identify Michael when asked to do so in court. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 85:10–17.

(b) Shailesh never met David. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 85:18–20.

(c) Although Ng was a nominee director for Michael, David and Shailesh,
Shailesh never communicated with Ng until his lawyers wrote to Ng on 27
February 2018 regarding a board resolution to commence legal proceedings
against SRK and/or TJCI. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

NE, 24 February 2023, at 40:14–18; 7 JCB 392–394.

(d) There is also no evidence that Shailesh asked about the capital
contribution that was expected from him.

(e) Although he was a director in JGJ, Shailesh did not play any active role
in JGJ’s business until the disputes between the SRK Entities and the JDM
Entities started. He was not involved in discussions about JGJ’s business
dealings with the SRK Entities. He was also not involved in the dealings with
AT Adler (JGJ’s auditors) for advice on tax-related matters, or with KPMG to
review JGJ’s accounts, or with BSR for tax and regulatory services. Amit, on
the other hand, was involved in all these dealings.

255 Third, Shailesh had no authority to operate or even access JGJ’s IDBNY
Account. In contrast, SRK’s representatives, Amit and Ashish, had authority to
operate JGJ’s IDBNY Account.

256 Fourth, Shailesh did not receive any director’s fees or dividends. Despite
his alleged claim that he joined JGJ “just for the investment”, 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 108:11.

he did not raise any issue with this. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

NE, 22 February 2023, at 90:2–16.

257 Fifth, Shailesh’s conduct was aimed at protecting SRK’s interest rather
than his own interest as shareholder.

(a) Shailesh testified that he did not understand the First or Second
Resolutions and he called Rahul and spoke to him; Rahul told him there was a
problem between SRK and JDM that was not resolved. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NE, 23 February 2023, at 21:7–15.

(b) Shailesh did not sign the First Resolution which authorised the taking of
action against TJCNY to recover the TJCNY Debt (US$3,733,503.43) even though
he was aware of the debt. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at para 40.

(c) Some 11 days after receiving the First Resolution, Shailesh expressed his
objections to the resolution, through his lawyers. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

7 JCB 371–373.

His main objection was that the Kriss Brothers had not sought recovery of
other debts for larger amounts. In my view, this objection was contrived.
Shailesh testified that he only learnt about the larger debts from his lawyers
when his case was being filed; he did not know about these other debts at the
time that he received the resolution. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

NE, 23 February 2023, at 20:24–21:6, 21:19–23, 25:12–15.

In any case, even if there were other debts owing to JGJ, there was no reason
for Shailesh to object to recovery of the undisputed debt from TJCNY.

(d) Shailesh objected to the Second Resolution, which authorised the Kriss
Brothers to commence and manage legal proceedings against SRK and TJCI for
manipulating the pricing of goods manufactured and billed to JGJ. Although
Shailesh had no knowledge of the details of the business dealings between the
SRK Entities and JGJ/the JDM Entities, he “emphatically” denied any such
manipulation and described the same as “baseless”. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

7 JCB 379–381 (at para 2(f)).

(e) Shailesh objected to the Fourth Resolution, which authorised the Kriss
Brothers to act on behalf of JGJ in defending the claim by SRK in S 418. In
his email dated 3 May 2018, Shailesh objected to authority to defend against S
418 being vested in the Kriss Brothers because they had a personal interest in
not pursuing debts owed to JGJ by the JDM Entities. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

8 JCB 315–316.

It is not clear why the Kriss Brothers should not manage the defence against S
418, which was a claim by SRK and TJCI based on the 23M Invoices and the 2.2M
Invoices. Shailesh himself had no knowledge of the dealings between the SRK
Entities and the JDM Entities. Further, in his AEIC, Shailesh explained that
his “impression and understanding, upon perusing the Statement of Claim filed
in Suit 418, was that the claim appeared to be legitimate, because the
invoices stated therein … were listed in detail”. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at para 74.

In my view, Shailesh’s reliance on the mere fact that the statement of claim
in S 418 listed the invoices in detail is incredulous, and smacks of an
afterthought. He had no knowledge of the details of JGJ’s business, and (by
his own admission) had not participated in the management, affairs or business
operations of JGJ. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 105:14–19.

258 The irresistible inference is that Shailesh’s objections were aimed at
protecting the interests of the SRK Entities. Shailesh was in fact trying to
fight the battle on behalf of the SRK Entities.

259 Sixth, between 11 and 19 May 2016, S Goldi transferred a total amount of
US$700,000 to Shailesh, who in turn transferred the same to JGJ (see [24]
above). Shailesh says the payment to JGJ was a loan at Michael’s request and
that he had raised the amount by borrowing from S Goldi. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at paras 30–31.

Michael says that the JDM Entities had deposited funds into JGJ’s IDBNY
Account as part of their 50% capital contribution and that Nirav agreed to
inject the sum of US$700,000 into JGJ to equalise the SRK and JDM Capital
Accounts in the JV. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at paras 69–72.

According to Michael, Nirav said that the funds would be wired by SRK from
their Hong Kong office. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at para 72.

260 In my view, the evidence supports Michael’s assertion.

(a) On 11 May 2016, Vikas sent details of JGJ’s IDBNY Account to Nirav,
copying Amit; Nirav then forwarded the same to Shailesh. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

2 JCB 414–415.

If Michael had requested Shailesh to make a loan to JGJ (as Shailesh claimed),
there is no reason why Vikas would have had to send the details of JGJ’s
account to Nirav. Nirav and Amit did not offer any credible explanation as to
why Vikas had sent JGJ’s account details to them. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

NE, 16 February 2023, at 91:9–24; NE, 17 February 2023, at 96:21–97:16.

(b) It did not make sense that Michael would have asked Shailesh to make a
loan (as Shailesh claims) instead of a capital contribution to JGJ. After all,
Shailesh had not made any capital contribution to JGJ.

(c) On 5 October 2017, Rajiv (SRK’s CFO) sent a spreadsheet to Anish (an
external consultant) and Nirav. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

7 JCB 315–317.

Rajiv had prepared the spreadsheet, which included an entry showing an amount
of US$700,000 described as “Loan by SRK Group in JGJ at Singapore”. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

7 JCB 317.

Anish forwarded the spreadsheet to Ajay Matta (JDM’s Financial Controller),
for his review. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

7 JCB 319.

Anish’s email was also copied to Rajiv and Nirav. Anish specifically pointed
out that the “[c]apital introduction by Singapore JV Partner 700,000” had been
included. Anish was not called as a witness. In my view, his reference to
“Singapore JV Partner” had to mean “SRK Group” since his comment related to
the entry in the spreadsheet that referred to “SRK Group”. Nirav agreed that
Anish’s comment referred to the US$700,000 that Shailesh transferred to JGJ.
319

##### Foot Note 319

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 54:3–15.

Nirav also agreed with the description of the US$700,000 as “[c]apital
introduction” and asserted that he was trying to recover the amount on behalf
of Shailesh because Shailesh had asked him how he (Shailesh) could recover the
US$700,000. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NE, 17 February 2023, at 54:19–55:23.

I reject Nirav’s assertion. It is simply unbelievable. There is nothing in the
spreadsheet that supports Nirav’s assertion. Indeed, the spreadsheet clearly
contradicts Nirav’s assertion; it described the US$700,000 as “Loan by SRK
Group …”. Further, Nirav’s assertion is not in any of his AEICs.

(d) The remittance forms merely show that the US$700,000 was remitted by S
Goldi to Shailesh. They are not evidence that the funds in fact belonged to S
Goldi. There is no objective evidence (eg, S Goldi’s accounting records) that
S Goldi had these funds. S Goldi’s annual return for its financial year ending
on 30 April 2018 raises doubts. As the Kriss Brothers have pointed out, it
shows that S Goldi’s paid-up capital was HKD5m and that it had an indebtedness
of HKD3.98m. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

11 JCB 17–25.

(e) There is also no objective evidence that the US$700,000 was a loan from S
Goldi to Shailesh. S Goldi’s accounting records were not produced in evidence.
The fact that the funds were remitted by S Goldi is not surprising since S
Goldi is the marketing arm of SRK (see [13] above).

261 In my view, the US$700,000 loan in fact came from SRK. This shows that
Shailesh was just SRK’s nominee in JGJ.

262 Seventh, Shailesh claimed that SRK and the Kriss Brothers decided on the
BA under which SRK would supply jewellery/diamonds to JGJ who would then sell
the same to the JDM Entities, and that any profits from the arrangement was to
be shared equally between him and the Kriss Brothers. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Shailesh’s Reply (Amendment No 3) in S 475 to Kriss Brothers’ S 475 Defence
(“S 475 Reply to Kriss Brothers’ S 475 Defence”), at para 5(e)(ii) and (vii).

I agree with the Kriss Brothers that it is illogical and makes no commercial
sense for Shailesh (as a 50% shareholder in JGJ) to claim a half share of the
profits from the BA unless he was holding his shares in JGJ as nominee for
SRK.

263 I should add that in the 2018 US Proceedings which were commenced on 27
March 2018 (see [43] above), JGJ and the JDM Entities pleaded that the SRK
Entities’ shares in JGJ would be held in the name of their nominee, Shailesh.
323

##### Foot Note 323

×

10 JCB 669–700 (at para 84).

In a draft “Answer” (similar to a defence), SRK admitted that Shailesh held
50% of the ownership interest in JGJ for the benefit of SRK and TJCI. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

11 JCB 544–563 (at para 84).

The draft Answer is undated. Subsequently on 24 July 2020, SRK filed its
Answer in which it denied the allegation that Shailesh held his shares in JGJ
as nominee for SRK. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

11 JCB 136–159.

The 2018 US Proceedings were commenced before either S 418 or S 475 were
commenced and SRK’s Answer was filed long after S 418 and S 475 were
commenced.

264 The Kriss Brothers submitted that the admission in the draft Answer speaks
volumes. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Kriss Brothers’ Closing Submissions in S 475, at para 53.

In my view, the admission in the draft Answer should be ignored. It was just a
draft and a note to the relevant paragraph states “[Client to review]”. There
is no evidence as to how the admission came about. It would be unsafe to rely
on it as evidence that SRK had admitted that Shailesh held his shares in JGJ
as its nominee.

Whether Shailesh has standing to bring a claim under s 216 CA

265 The persons who can bring a claim under s 216 of the CA are:

(a) a member of the company;

(b) a holder of a debenture of the company;

(c) the Minister (in the case of a declared company under Part 9); and

(d) a person to whom shares in the company have been transmitted by operation
of law.

See s 216(1) and (7) of the CA.

266 In the case of a private company, a “member” includes a person whose name
appears in the electronic register of members kept by the Registrar of
Companies under s 196A of the CA: s 19(6) and (6A) of the CA.

267 It cannot be disputed that Shailesh is a member of JGJ. In my view, he is
therefore entitled to bring a claim under s 216 of the CA even though he holds
his shares in JGJ as SRK’s nominee. As the beneficial owner of the shares, SRK
itself cannot bring a claim under s 216 of the CA because its name does not
appear on the register of members of JGJ and it is therefore not a “member”.
See, also, Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) ("Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies”) at
paras 4.187–4.189.

268 Having decided that a nominee shareholder can bring an action under s 216
of the CA, it is necessary to consider what are the matters that a nominee
shareholder can complain about. The grounds for an action under s 216 are:

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to, or in disregard of
the interests of, one or more members or debenture holders (including the
complainant); or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution has been passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against
or is otherwise prejudicial to one or more members or debenture holders
(including the complainant).

269 Section 216 of the CA therefore requires the complainant to show that his
interests (as a member in this case) have been adversely affected. In my view,
even a nominee shareholder is entitled to complain about matters that apply to
all shareholders alike, for example, the holding of AGMs, exercise of voting
rights, distribution of dividends, dilution of shares and the accuracy of the
company’s financial statements. What of matters that affect the interests of
the beneficial owner of the shares because of its own circumstances? In
Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (at para 4.189), the learned author
referred to Atlasview Ltd v Brightview Ltd [2004] 2 BCLC 191 at [38] and
expressed the view that where the complainant is a nominee shareholder, his
interests are capable of including the economic and contractual interests of
the beneficial owners of the shares.

270 I agree with the above view subject to one reservation. I agree that the
economic and contractual interests of the beneficial owners should be
considered where the existence and nature of these interests are known to the
defendants in a s 216 action. The common thread underpinning s 216 is the
element of unfairness: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another
[2010] 2 SLR 776 at [70]. It would be unfair if, having accepted (whether
expressly or impliedly) the nominee shareholding arrangement, the defendants
then commit acts that are unfair to the interests of the beneficial owners
which are known to the defendants. However, if the defendants do not know
about the nominee shareholding arrangement, it is not clear to me why the
interests of the beneficial owners should be considered.

271 In the present case, it is clear that the Kriss Brothers were aware of and
had accepted the nominee arrangement. However, Shailesh faces a different
hurdle. He has not pleaded his s 216 claim on the basis that he is a nominee
shareholder for SRK. His case is that he is the legal and beneficial owner of
the shares in JGJ that are registered in his name. I therefore agree with the
Kriss Brothers that there is no room for any argument that Shailesh’s
interests mirror or are co-extensive with the interests of SRK. Thus, in
deciding whether the acts complained of (see [243(b)] above) can be said to be
commercially unfair to Shailesh, the interests of SRK cannot be considered.

Whether Shailesh can claim his legitimate expectations as pleaded

272 Shailesh’s pleaded case is that as a shareholder of JGJ, he has legitimate
expectations “based on his strict legal rights pursuant to section 157 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50), common law and;/or equity” and that these legal rights
are “derived from and/or based on the duties owed by the [Kriss Brothers] as
directors of [JGJ]” to: 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

S 475 SOC, at para 9.

(a) act honestly and use reasonable diligence in the discharge of their
duties;

(b) not make improper use of their position as directors to gain an advantage
for themselves or any other person or cause detriment to JGJ;

(c) always act in the interests of JGJ and all shareholders;

(d) not place themselves in positions of conflict of interests;

(e) use their powers for proper purposes and for the benefit of JGJ and all
shareholders; and

(f) ensure that the financial statements and accounts of JGJ give a true and
fair view of the financial position of JGJ.

273 The Kriss Brothers refer to Ong Heng Chuan v Ong Teck Chuan and others
[2020] SGHC 161 (“Ong Heng Chuan”), in which the plaintiff claimed legitimate
expectations as to how the company should be run “based on his strict legal
rights under the Articles of Association of the Company, Section 157 of the
CA, common law and/or equity” and that these legal rights were “derived from
and/or based on the duties owed by [the first defendant] as a de jure, de
facto and/or shadow director and/or [the second defendant] as a de jure
director at the material time”. The High Court found the plaintiff’s
invocation of the doctrine of legitimate expectations to be misconceived (at
[273]). The High Court observed that in the context of minority oppression
actions, the doctrine of legitimate expectations generally arises where there
is a quasi-partnership (at [274]–[275]) and reasoned as follows (at [277]):

277 Indeed, on closer scrutiny, the legal proposition underlying the
[plaintiff’s] case was essentially this: for the purposes of s 216
proceedings, a minority shareholder should be able to establish a personal
wrong against himself merely by characterising the majority’s breaches of
their directors’ duties as breaches of his own “legitimate expectation” that
directors should fulfil their legal duties to the company. I did not think
this proposition could be correct. If it were, it would make nonsense of the
proper plaintiff rule and the reflective loss principle, which underpin the
conceptual distinction between personal rights and corporate rights, and the
mechanism provided in s 216A for derivative actions would become otiose.

274 The Court of Appeal agreed with the High Court’s decision to reject the
legitimate expectations argument, and stated as follows:

55 … a breach of [the first and second defendants’] directors’ duties … would
be a corporate wrong, which is per se insufficient to ground a claim for
oppression. [The plaintiff] has failed to show how this is a real injury
suffered by him as a “shareholder [that] is distinct from and not merely
incidental to the injury which the company suffers” [emphasis in original],
which an action under s 216 of the Act is aimed at vindicating (Ho Yew Kong v
Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 at
[120]). In our view, the Judge was correct to reject the legal proposition
proffered by [the plaintiff]: namely, that a minority shareholder should be
able to establish a personal wrong against himself merely by characterising
the majority’s breaches of their directors’ duties as breaches of his own
“legitimate expectations” that the directors should fulfil their legal duties
to the company. If accepted, every allegation of a breach of director’s duty
simpliciter would be tantamount to always permitting a plaintiff to commence a
minority oppression action, and this would obviate the distinction between
personal and corporate wrongs. Indeed, this would, in the Judge’s words, “make
nonsense of the proper plaintiff rule and the reflective loss principle” …

See Ong Heng Chuan v Ong Teck Chuan and others [2021] 2 SLR 262 at [55].

275 In the present case, Shailesh’s alleged legitimate expectations are
strikingly similar to those in Ong Heng Chuan. As in Ong Heng Chuan, Shailesh
does not allege the existence of any quasi-partnership.

276 In the circumstances, I agree with the Kriss Brothers that Shailesh’s
legitimate expectations claim cannot succeed and must be rejected. However,
that is not the end of the matter as the question remains whether the acts
complained of are in any event commercially unfair to Shailesh.

The First Resolution

277 Shailesh’s pleaded case is that the First Resolution is objectionable on
the following grounds: 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

S 475 SOC, at para 17.

(a) He was not given time to consider the resolution.

(b) He was not given access to the relevant documents (eg, invoices).

(c) He was not given an opportunity to discuss the resolution because it was
not tabled at a regular meeting of the Board.

(d) JGJ’s resources would be better spent pursuing other claims for much
larger sums.

278 For the purposes of s 216 of the CA, Shailesh has to show that the conduct
complained of affected him in his capacity as a member. The first three
grounds relate to Shailesh’s alleged difficulties in properly considering the
First Resolution. In other words, they affected him in his capacity as a
director of JGJ.

279 Where a shareholder is also a director, conduct that affects his role as a
director may also affect his interest as a shareholder if he has a legitimate
expectation to participate in the management of the company as a director.
However, in the present case, Shailesh’s pleaded case does not include any
legitimate expectation to be involved in the management of JGJ as a director.
Further, the evidence does not support such a legitimate expectation. Shailesh
confirmed that he had never participated in the management, affairs or
business operations of JGJ. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

NE, 21 February 2023, at 105:14–21.

He had been content to leave the management to the Kriss Brothers.

280 Shailesh has pleaded that as a shareholder, he had a legitimate
expectation that the Kriss Brothers would carry out their duties as directors
of JGJ properly. However, as discussed earlier, his claim to such a legitimate
expectation fails.

281 Accordingly, the first three grounds are not relevant for purposes of
Shailesh’s s 216 claim.

282 As for the fourth ground, Shailesh does not dispute the TJCNY Debt. It
must be in JGJ’s interest to pursue its recovery. In his closing submissions,
Shailesh clarified that his case is not that going after the TJCNY Debt, by
itself, is wrong; his complaint is that the Kriss Brothers decided to go after
the TJCNY Debt but not the other debts (ie, the debts owed by the JDM
Entities). 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Shailesh’s Closing Submissions in S 475, at para 52.

The substance of this complaint is an allegation that the Kriss Brothers
breached their directors’ duties by deciding to pursue the TJCNY Debt but not
the debts owing by the JDM Entities. However, this relates to a corporate
wrong, not a personal wrong. Further, as the Kriss Brothers have explained,
the debts owing by the JDM Entities to JGJ would be dealt with in the 2018 US
Proceedings (see [246(f)] above). In my view, Shailesh has not shown how this
is a real injury suffered by him as a shareholder that is distinct from and
not merely incidental to the injury which the company suffers (see [274]
above).

283 In his closing submissions, Shailesh also submitted that Michael’s oral
testimony revealed that the First Resolution was a retaliatory attack against
TJCNY. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Shailesh’s Closing Submissions in S 475, at para 53.

In my view, this was an overstatement. In his oral testimony, Michael
explained that in the 2017 US Proceedings, TJCNY made a fraudulent claim to
recover its goods and did not say that it had bought goods from JGJ; the First
Resolution was necessary to “counter” TJCNY’s claim “and not have the capital
of the JV taken by Ashish” and to protect the assets of the JV. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 78:5–79:4.

In my view, the Kriss Brothers were defending against TJCNY’s claim to recover
goods that the JDM Entities claimed was property belonging to the JV. Bearing
in mind the Kriss Brothers’ case that there was a JV, their actions cannot be
said to be unfair to Shailesh.

284 Shailesh also submitted that the First Resolution is inconsistent with
Michael’s evidence that the TJCNY Debt was to be part of the accounting
reconciliation for the JV. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

Shailesh’s Closing Submissions in S 475, at para 54.

However, this submission is irrelevant because it is not Shailesh’s pleaded
case that the TJCNY Debt should be accounted for as part of the accounting
reconciliation for the JV.

285 Shailesh’s case based on the First Resolution therefore fails.

The Second Resolution

286 The Second Resolution was to authorise the commencement of legal action
against SRK and TJCI to recover charges in excess of US$15m which were alleged
to be the result of the SRK Entities manipulating the prices of goods supplied
to JGJ, in breach of the JVA. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

7 JCB 374–375; Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at para 132.

The preamble in the resolution noted that:

(a) JGJ had been set up as a JV between the Kriss Brothers and SRK;

(b) Shailesh is SRK’s nominee director and holds his shares in JGJ on behalf
of SRK; and

(c) SRK and TJCI “manipulated the pricing of goods manufactured and billed to
[JGJ]”.

287 Shailesh’s pleaded case is that the Second Resolution is objectionable on
the grounds that: 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

S 475 SOC, at para 20.

(a) the allegation that he was SRK’s nominee is baseless;

(b) the allegation that SRK and TJCI manipulated the prices is baseless; and

(c) despite being the single largest shareholder of JGJ, he did not have
access to or information about JGJ’s IDBNY Account.

288 With respect to the first ground, I have found that Shailesh is in fact
SRK’s nominee in JGJ. In any event, I do not see how the mere allegation that
Shailesh was SRK’s nominee (even if untrue) falls within the scope of s 216 of
the CA, which refers to the affairs of the company being conducted or the
power of the directors being exercised in a manner oppressive to or in
disregard of Shailesh’s interests as a shareholder, or some act of the company
or some resolution which unfairly discriminates against Shailesh as a
shareholder or is otherwise prejudicial to him as a shareholder.

289 As for the second ground, the allegation that SRK and TJCI manipulated the
prices of the goods sold to JGJ relates to a corporate wrong. Shailesh has not
shown how he has suffered an injury as a shareholder. Besides, the evidence
shows that Shailesh had no basis for his assertion that the allegation is
baseless. Shailesh did not participate in the management of JGJ’s business and
did not know the details of JGJ’s dealings with SRK and TJCI. Shailesh’s
objection was more about defending SRK and TJCI than about his own interests
as a shareholder.

290 The third ground falls outside the scope of s 216 because it affects
Shailesh in his capacity as a director.

291 Shailesh’s case based on the Second Resolution therefore also fails.

JGJ’s 2016 FS

292 The Kriss Brothers made four adjustments to JGJ’s 2016 FS: 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

S 475 SOC, at para 50; 7 JCB 358–361.

(a) An amount of US$6,056,501.46 described as “Sales Promotion – Rebate” was
added as an operating expense (the “Commission Rebate Adjustment”).

(b) The amount recorded as “Purchases–Finished Goods” was reduced by
US$7,540,283 (the “Accounts Payable Reduction Adjustment”).

(c) An amount of US$15,488,893 was added as “Due from SRK” (the “SRK Payable
Adjustment”).

(d) Two equal amounts of US$7,744,446.50 each were added as “Due to Michael
Kriss” and “Due to David Kriss” respectively (the “Capital Repayment
Adjustment”).

293 JGJ’s auditors issued a disclaimer of opinion with respect to the 2016 FS,
stating that they did not express an opinion on the 2016 FS because they had
not been able to obtain “sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a
basis for an audit opinion”. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

9 JCB 276.

The auditors also noted that there were disagreements between the directors
who are also the shareholders. This led to the auditors issuing adverse
opinions with respect to JGJ’s 2017 FS and 2018 FS. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

9 JCB 348 and 531.

294 Shailesh’s complaints are that (a) there is no basis or documentary
evidence substantiating the adjustments, and (b) the Kriss Brothers failed to
provide documentary evidence and explanations to JGJ’s auditors, thereby
resulting in a disclaimer of opinion for JGJ’s 2016 FS and adverse opinions
for JGJ’s 2017 FS and 2018 FS.

Commission Rebate Adjustment

295 As stated in [129]–[130] above, the then billing arrangement was not
sufficient to cover the expenses of the JDM Entities and Volume Rebate
Agreements were entered into to reduce the amounts that the JDM Entities had
to pay JGJ. Jim explained that Commission Rebate Adjustment reflected the
aggregate sum of US$6,056,501.46 arising from the credit notes issued by JGJ
pursuant to the Volume Rebate Agreements. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Jim’s AEIC in S 475, at para 39.

296 Tam, who also gave evidence as Shailesh’s expert, testified that JGJ was
entitled to recognise and record the adjustment if the adjustment was “validly
supported and approved”. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

NE, 21 March 2023, at 142:18–24.

297 The evidence is clear: the Volume Rebate Agreements were discussed and
agreed upon. Vibhor actively participated in the discussions and the emails
were also either addressed or copied to Amit. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

5 JCB 485–486.

In the circumstances, the Commission Rebate Adjustment cannot be said to be
commercially unfair.

Accounts Payable Reduction Adjustment

298 Jim explained that this adjustment was made to decrease the amount payable
to SRK because SRK had overbilled JGJ for 2016 and that the reduction was an
estimated amount. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Jim’s AEIC in S 475, at paras 42–47.

299 In my view, the Accounts Payable Reduction Adjustment cannot be justified.
There could not have been any overbilling. SRK and TJCI invoiced JGJ based on
Sell-Minus Pricing. Michael testified that the parties agreed that the
invoices would be based on Sell-Minus Pricing (see [186] above). I find that
the Accounts Payable Reduction Adjustment is unjustified and commercially
unfair to Shailesh. Even though he is a nominee shareholder, he has an
interest to ensure that the company’s accounts are correct. It is Shailesh,
not SRK, who is legally entitled to complain about inaccuracies in the
accounts and to receive any distribution of profits that JGJ may make.

SRK Payable Adjustment

300 Jim explained that this adjustment represented an estimate of the profits
of the JV retained by SRK, which should have been distributed to JGJ to be
distributed to the shareholders. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

NE, 9 March 2023, at 119:6–16,

Jim also explained that the figure that he used was “just a convenient number”
and that actual amount could not be determined at the time. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

NE, 9 March 2023, at 120:2–9.

301 In my view the SRK Payable Adjustment is not justified. The adjustment was
based on the JVA, which I have found to be legally unenforceable. In any
event, the manner in which profits of the JV were to be distributed via JGJ
had not been worked out or agreed (see [192] above), and there is also no
justification for Jim to make the adjustment using a figure that was simply
“convenient”. I find that the SRK Payable Adjustment is commercially unfair to
Shailesh. As discussed above, Shailesh is entitled to complain about
inaccuracies in the financial statements even though he is a nominee
shareholder.

Capital Repayment Adjustment

302 This adjustment follows from the SRK Payable Adjustment, which represented
an estimate of the profits of the JV retained by SRK, which should have been
distributed to JGJ to be distributed to the shareholders (see [300] above). It
follows that the Capital Repayment Adjustment is also based on the legally
unenforceable JVA. In my view, it is also unjustified.

303 Further, it is not clear why the amount from SRK would be distributed to
the Kriss Brothers only. Michael said that SRK “took our capital and we were
entitled to get it back”. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 126:4–22.

However, Michael’s explanation cannot be reconciled with Jim’s and Jim was the
one who had calculated the adjustments. It is at least unclear what the basis
for the SRK Payable Adjustment and the Capital Repayment Adjustment was. Jim
could not give a clear explanation on the stand and admitted that he could not
explain it and that he did not have an answer. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

NE, 9 March 2023, at 92:18–94:3.

304 I find that the Capital Repayment Adjustment is not justified and is
commercially unfair to Shailesh. Again, as discussed above, Shailesh is
entitled to complain about inaccuracies in the financial statements even
though he is a nominee shareholder.

Failure to provide documents and explanations to JGJ’s auditors

305 Michael confirmed that he did not liaise with JGJ’s auditors regarding the
latter’s qualifications to JGJ’s 2016 FS and he did not ask Jim to liaise with
the auditors either. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

NE, 2 March 2023, at 125:15–126:3.

David admitted that he did not know what the adjustments were about and also
confirmed that he did not correspond with the auditors. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

NE, 7 March 2023, at 78:10–11, 79:11–17.

306 Jim said that he did speak to the auditors but did not have “email
trails”, and that the auditors’ requests for information used to go to the
back-office in India but he did not know whether they responded to the
auditors. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

NE, 9 March 2023, at 100:7–21, 102:8–103:9.

At any rate, it is clear that as far as the auditors were concerned, they had
not been given documents or explanations.

307 Michael and Jim explained that after the termination of the JV, JGJ’s
accounts and documentation were incomplete and in disarray and that the back-
office in India was uncooperative. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

Michael’s AEIC in S 475, at paras 86–87; Jim’s AEIC in S 475, at paras 35–36.

Nevertheless, it is clear that Jim did not send all the documents that he had
to the auditors. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

NE, 9 March 2023, at 97:21–23.

In particular, Jim did not send the Volume Rebate Agreements to the auditor
although he believed that Vibhor would have done so; Vibhor left TJCI before
the audit was completed. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

NE, 9 March 2023, at 88:2–89:21.

308 In my view, the Kriss Brothers have not satisfactorily explained why they
did not furnish the auditors with all the supporting documents and/or
explanations for the adjustments.

309 However, Shailesh’s complaint in this respect is based on the Kriss
Brothers’ duties as directors to ensure that JGJ’s financial affairs were
properly managed. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Shailesh’s Closing Submissions in S 475, at para 68.

This complaint falls outside the scope of s 216 of the CA. Again, the Kriss
Brothers’ breach of directors’ duties would be a corporate wrong. Shailesh has
not shown how he has suffered a real injury as a shareholder. As discussed
earlier, he cannot claim a legitimate expectation that the Kriss Brothers
would fulfil their directors’ duties.

Failure to provide information to or engage Shailesh

310 Shailesh alleges that: 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

S 475 SOC, at paras 47–49.

(a) on 9 April 2018, he received a notice of JGJ’s AGM to be held on 19 April
2018 to, among other things, adopt the 2016 FS;

(b) on 11 April 2018, he received a copy of a JGJ Board resolution to approve
the 2016 FS and Directors’ Statement; and

(c) He had not been provided with any information as to why the 2016 FS were
being adopted despite JGJ’s auditors’ reservations and qualifications.

311 In so far as Shailesh’s complaint relates to the Board resolution, that
affects him in his capacity as a director and thus falls outside the scope of
s 216 of the CA.

312 More importantly, on 11 January 2018, Jim sent to Shailesh the documents
showing the four adjustments to the accounts. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

7 JCB 338–342.

On 12 January 2018, Jim again wrote to Shailesh, attaching the same documents,
and stating that the documents were provided to him for his review and to give
him the opportunity to ask questions. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

7 JCB 348.

Jim also reminded Shailesh that the deadline to file the financial statement
had passed and the financial statements needed to be filed “ASAP”.

313 Shailesh did not respond to either email until three months later, on 16
April 2018, when he sent an email to Jim objecting to and asking questions
about the four adjustments. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

8 JCB 259–260.

Shailesh claimed that he had missed the earlier emails from Jim and only had
sight of them “sometime in or around April 2018”. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at para 95.

I do not believe Shailesh’s claim. As the Kriss Brothers pointed out, the
Company Secretary had also sent an email to Shailesh on 5 March 2018 attaching
an email from the auditors and the draft of the 2016 FS (which incorporated
the adjustments) and seeking his approval of the same. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

7 JCB 405–434.

The Company Secretary specifically drew Shailesh’s attention to the auditors’
Disclaimer of Opinion and Basis of Disclaimer of Opinion. Shailesh admits
receiving the email from the Company Secretary. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Shailesh’s AEIC in S 475, at para 98.

Yet, he did not query the Kriss Brothers about the adjustments until more than
a month later.

314 Shailesh’s email dated 16 April 2018 was just three days shy of the AGM.
He could and should have attended the AGM to raise his queries but he chose
not to. Instead, also on 16 April 2018, he wrote to the Company Secretary,
objecting to the AGM and requesting its postponement. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

8 JCB 261–262.

The Company Secretary replied on 17 April 2018 that it would be more
appropriate for his request to postpone the AGM to be made to the Board. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

8 JCB 267.

Shailesh did not make any such request to the JGJ Board; he also did not
attend the AGM.

315 In my judgment, Shailesh’s complaint that the Kriss Brothers failed to
provide information to him or to engage him on the four adjustments is not
substantiated and fails.

JGJ’s counterclaim against Shailesh in S 475

Refusing/failing to sign or to abstain from voting on the First, Second and
Third Resolutions

316 Shailesh did not sign, or abstain from voting on, the First, Second and/or
Third Resolutions. JGJ submits that by refusing or failing to do so, Shailesh
failed to act in the interest of JGJ.

The First Resolution

317 The First Resolution was a Board resolution to authorise the commencement
of legal action to recover the TJCNY Debt. Jim sent a copy of the resolution
(dated 22 January 2018 and signed by the Kriss Brothers) to Shailesh on 27
January 2018. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

7 JCB 365–366.

Jim did not provide any explanations and simply asked Shailesh to “sign where
indicated”. On the same day, Jim followed up by asking Shailesh to return the
signed resolution no later than 4pm on 30 January 2018. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

7 JCB 367.

Jim also advised Shailesh that the resolution was considered as passed since
there was a majority approval.

318 On 6 February 2018, Shailesh objected (through his lawyers) to the First
Resolution. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

7 JCB 371–372.

Shailesh complained that, among other things, he did not have sufficient time
to consider the matter, and the resolution was not supported by relevant
background documents or information. Shailesh also pointed out that Jim was
wrong to say that the resolution had a majority approval because the copy of
the resolution that was sent to him was signed by only two directors. On 23
February 2018, Shailesh received a copy of the First Resolution, signed by the
Kriss Brothers and Ng, from the Kriss Brothers’ lawyers. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

7 JCB 382–385.

The Kriss Brothers’ lawyers also told Shailesh that the relevant supporting
documents would be provided “in due course”. No such documents have been
provided to Shailesh.

319 In my view, the above facts do not support JGJ’s claim that Shailesh acted
in breach of his director’s duties in connection with the First Resolution.

The Second Resolution

320 The Second Resolution was a Board resolution to authorise the commencement
of legal proceedings against SRK and TJCI to recover charges in excess of
US$15m which were alleged to be the result of the SRK Entities manipulating
the prices of goods supplied to JGJ.

321 On 19 February 2018, Jim sent a copy of the Second Resolution (dated 15
February 2018 and signed by the Kriss Brothers and Ng) to Shailesh. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

7 JCB 376–378.

No supporting documents or explanation was given. Again, Jim told Shailesh to
“sign where indicated” and to return the signed resolution no later than 4pm
on 21 February 2018. Jim also advised Shailesh that the resolution was
considered as passed because there was a majority approval.

322 On 21 February 2018, Shailesh objected (through his lawyers) to the Second
Resolution. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

7 JCB 379–381.

As stated earlier, Shailesh objected to the allegation that he was SRK’s
nominee and denied the allegation that SRK and TJCI had manipulated the
pricing of goods manufactured and billed to JGJ. Shailesh also pointed out the
fact that he had no access to information pertaining to JGJ’s bank accounts or
transactional history. On 7 March 2018, the Kriss Brothers’ lawyers responded,
stating (in relation to the Second Resolution) that: 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

7 JCB 438–441.

(a) There were numerous documents evidencing the existence of the JV and the
manner in which it functioned and the Kriss Brothers would refer to these
documents “at the appropriate juncture, if and where necessary”.

(b) The manipulation in the pricing of the goods was conducted at the factory
levels. The factories of SRK and TJC inflated their selling prices to JGJ by
billing at a percentage off the ultimate customer’s price (ie, Sell-Minus
Pricing) as opposed to a cost plus a specified markup needed to cover the
back-office costs and expected gross profit (ie, Cost-Plus Pricing).

323 As stated in [186] above, Michael testified that the parties agreed that
the goods would be invoiced based on Sell-Minus Pricing. The allegation that
there was price manipulation because the invoices were based on Sell-Minus
Pricing instead of Cost-Plus Pricing has no leg to stand on given Michael’s
unequivocal testimony. In the circumstances, in my view, it cannot be said
that Shailesh acted in breach of his director’s duties in connection with the
Second Resolution.

The Third Resolution

324 The Third Resolution was a Board resolution to approve the 2016 FS and to
convene the Second AGM of JGJ. The 2016 FS contained the four adjustments made
by the Kriss Brothers. I have found that three of the adjustments are
unjustified. In the circumstances, it cannot be said that Shailesh acted in
breach of his director’s duties in connection with the Third Resolution.

Shailesh’s request for information and documents

325 JGJ claims that Shailesh acted in breach of his fiduciary duties by
requesting the following information and documents: 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

JGJ’s S 475 D&CC, at para 41(c) read with paras 30–41 of S 475 SOC.

(a) By way of a letter dated 6 February 2018 from his lawyers (see [318]
above), Shailesh requested documents in relation to the TJCNY Debt and any
other claims.

(b) By way of a letter dated 21 February 2018 from his lawyers (see [322]
above), Shailesh requested details of current signatories of JGJ’s IDBNY
Account, details of the transactions pertaining to the account, monthly bank
statements and details of any other bank accounts in JGJ’s name; and

(c) By way of a letter dated 29 March 2018 from his lawyers, 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

7 JCB 463–464.

Shailesh requested a copy of the legal opinion that Ng should have obtained on
the validity and strength of the claim to recover the TJCNY Debt and other
claims, purchase orders or other similar documents and invoices in relation to
transactions amongst JGJ, SRK and TJCI.

326 JGJ’s pleaded case alleges that the requests were made under the
instructions of one or more of the SRK Entities, in the furtherance of the SRK
Entities’ interests and to defeat, frustrate and/or stymie JGJ’s claims
against one or more of the SRK Entities. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

JGJ’s S 475 D&CC, at para 41(c) read with para 24A.

JGJ relies on the allegations that Shailesh was never involved or interested
in JGJ’s operations and that he only purported to take an interest in the
affairs of JGJ after disputes relating to the JV broke out in or around late
2017 or early 2018.

327 The letters from Shailesh’s lawyers requesting the documents and
information were in response to or in connection with Jim asking him to sign
the First and Second Resolutions. In my view, JGJ has not proved that the
purpose of Shailesh’s requests was to defeat, frustrate and/or stymie JGJ’s
claims against one or more of the SRK Entities.

Summary of my findings and conclusions in S 475

328 In summary, my findings and conclusions in S 475 are as follows:

(a) Shailesh was SRK’s nominee shareholder and director in JGJ. However, he
has the necessary standing to bring a claim under s 216 of the CA.

(b) Shailesh cannot claim a legitimate expectation that the Kriss Brothers
would fulfil their duties as directors.

(c) Shailesh’s claims based on the First and Second Resolutions, fail.

(d) With respect to Shailesh’s claim in relation to the four adjustments to
the 2016 FS:

(i) The Commission Rebate Adjustment is not commercially unfair but the
Accounts Payable Adjustment, SRK Payable Adjustment and Capital Repayment
Adjustment are commercially unfair.

(ii) Shailesh’s complaint that the Kriss Brothers failed to provide
documents/explanations to JGJ’s auditors fall outside the scope of s 216 of
the CA.

(iii) Shailesh’s complaint that the Kriss Brothers failed to provide him with
documents or to engage him with respect to the four adjustments to the 2016 FS
fails.

(e) Shailesh succeeds in his S 216 claim only to the extent that it is based
on the Accounts Payable Adjustment, SRK Payable Adjustment and Capital
Repayment Adjustment.

(f) JGJ’s counterclaim against Shailesh is dismissed.

Reliefs in S 475

329 In the light of my findings on Shailesh’s s 216 claim, the only relief
that Shailesh is entitled to, and which I now grant is as follows:

An order that the Kriss Brothers are to do all that is necessary to effect a
restatement of the 2016 FS, 2017 FS and 2018 FS such that the Accounts Payable
Adjustment, SRK Payable Adjustment and Capital Repayment Adjustment are
removed, and the Kriss Brothers are to re-submit the restated financial
statements to the auditors for an audit to be done, and the audited accounts
are to be filed with the relevant authorities.

330 As stated in [245] above, Shailesh also seeks an order that the Kriss
Brothers procure the JDM Entities to pay a sum of US$23,051,737 to an escrow
agent. This relief relates to Shailesh’s case based on the First Resolution,
which has failed. In any event, Shailesh has not shown any basis for such an
order.

Conclusion

331 With respect to S 418:

(a) JGJ is liable to SRK in the sum of US$17,538,999.49.

(b) JGJ is liable to TJCI in the sum of US$2,027,846.91.

(c) JGJ’s counterclaims are dismissed.

332 With respect to S 475:

(a) Shailesh succeeds in his claim under s 216 of the CA only to the extent
that it is based on the Accounts Payable Adjustment, SRK Payable Adjustment
and Capital Repayment Adjustment. I make the order set out in [329] above.

(b) JGJ’s counterclaim is dismissed.

333 I will hear parties on costs.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Nehal Harpreet Singh SC, Tan Zhengxian Jordan (Chen Zhengxian Jordan), Leong
Hoi Seng Victor (Liang Kaisheng) and Damien Chng Cheng Yee (Audent Chambers
LLC) (instructed), Bazul Ashhab bin Abdul Kader, Chan Cong Yen Lionel (Chen
Congren), Chua Yi Ling Ilene and Yuen Zi Gui (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the
plaintiff, second defendant in counterclaim, fourth defendant in counterclaim,
fifth defendant in counterclaim, sixth defendant in counterclaim and seventh
defendant in counterclaim in S 418;

Lok Vi Ming SC, Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Jean Chan Lay Koon, Chan Junhao Justin
(Chen Junhao) and Chia Bing Da Edric (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant
in S 418;

Moiz Haider Sithawala, Samantha Tan Sin Ying and Wong Jing Shen Darren (Tan
Rajah & Cheah) for the third defendant in counterclaim and eighth defendant in
counterclaim in S 418;

Pillai Pradeep G, Simren Kaur Sandhu, Wong Shi Rui Jonas and Wong Yong Min
(PRP Law LLC) for the plaintiff in S 475;

Ling Daw Hoang Philip, Chua Cheng Yew and Priscilla Kang Hui Wen (Wong Tan &
Molly Lim LLC) for the first and second defendants in S 475;

Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Jean Chan Lay Koon, Chan Junhao Justin (Chen Junhao)
and Chia Bing Da Edric for the third defendant in S 475.

  
  

Annex 1: Index of entities, trade names and persons referred to in this
judgment

Entities/trade names| Judgment  
---|---  
Advaita Legal| Law firm in India engaged to draft a JV agreement for JGJ.|
[127]  
AP Jewelry| Asia Pacific Jewelry, LLC – incorporated in US.A JDM Entity.| [11]  
AT Adler| JGJ’s auditors.| [33]  
BSR| BSR & Associates LLP – external consultants engaged to provide tax and
regulatory services to JGJ.| [140]  
Instock Programs or Instock| Trade name of JDM Entities.| [12]  
JDM Entities| JDM; MG Worldwide; Miles Bernard; AP Jewelry| [11]  
JGJ| JG Jewelry Pte Ltd – incorporated in Singapore.Defendant and plaintiff in
counterclaim in S 418. 3rd defendant and plaintiff in counterclaim in S 475.|
[5(b)][6(d)]  
KPMG| An Indian partnership and member of the KPMG network – engaged to carry
out the accounting exercise.| [26]  
MG Worldwide| MG Worldwide LLC – incorporated in US.A JDM Entity.| [11]  
Miles Bernard| Miles Bernard, Inc – incorporated in US.A JDM Entity.| [11]  
SEEPZ| The Santacruz Electronic Export Processing Zone in Mumbai, India| [8]  
SRK| Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt Ltd – plaintiff and 1st defendant in
counterclaim in S 418. Incorporated in India.| [5(a)]  
SRK-BDB| SRK’s office in Bharat Diamond Bourse in Mumbai| [7]  
SRK Entities| SRK-Sachin, TJCI and TJCNY| [10]  
TJCI| The Jewelry Company – jewellery arm of SRK.2nd defendant in counterclaim
in S 418.Incorporated in India.| [5(c)][8]  
TJCNY| TJC Jewelry, Inc –marketing affiliate of TJCI.3rd defendant in
counterclaim in S 418. Incorporated in US.| [5(d)][9]  
| | |   
Persons|  
Ajay Matta| Ajay Matta – Financial Controller of JDM.| [88]  
Amit| Amit Shah – 7th defendant in counterclaim in S 418. CEO of and partner
in TJCI.| [5(h)]  
Anish| Anish Mehta, Partner, BSR.| [260(c)]  
Ashish | Ashish Shah – 8th defendant in counterclaim in S 418. CEO and President of TJCNY.| [5(i)]  
David| David Miles Kriss – 2nd defendant in S 475.25% shareholder and director
of JGJ. Co-owns and controls the JDM Entities.Michael’s brother.| [6(c)]  
Govind| Govind Dholakia – 4th defendant in counterclaim in S 418. Founder and
chairman of SRK and SRK Group.| [5(e)]  
Jim| Jim Goldsborough – CFO of JDM.| [20]  
Michael| Michael Bernard Kriss – 1st defendant in S 475.25% shareholder and
director of JGJ. Co-owns and controls JDM Entities. David’s brother.| [6(b)]  
Ng| Michael Ng – local resident director of JGJ.| [20]  
Nirav| Nirav Narola – 6th defendant in counterclaim in S 418. Employee of SRK
and partner in TJCI. Govind’s grand-nephew.| [5(g)]  
Rahul| Rahul Dholakia – 5th defendant in counterclaim in S 418. Managing
Director of SRK and partner in TJCI. Govind’s nephew.| [5(f)]  
Rajiv| Rajiv Shah – CFO of SRK.| [139]  
Shailesh| Shaileshkumar Manubhai Khunt – plaintiff and defendant in
counterclaim in S 475.50% shareholder and director of JGJ.Director of S
Goldi.| [6(a)][13]  
Vibhor| Vibhor Jain – employed by SRK but identified himself as CFO of TJCI;
handled the accounts of JGJ and the JDM Entities.| [83]  
Vikas| Vikas Ashokkumar Padhya – employed by TJCI and assigned to handle JDM’s
back-office functions in India.| [76]  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 29 Jan 2024 (15:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

