Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE HIGH COUrt of THE REPUBLIC OF singapore

[2024] SGHC 29

Originating Claim No 814 of 2023 (Summons No 3619 of 2023)

Between

| Shopee Singapore Private Limited  
---|---  
|  
  
… Claimant

And

| Lim Teck Yong  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Employment Law] — [Contract of service] — [Restrictive covenants] —
[Enforceability of restraint of trade clauses]

[Injunctions] — [Interlocutory injunction] — [Applicable test for
interlocutory injunctions giving effect to restraint of trade clauses]

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy] — [Restraint of trade]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shopee Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v  

Lim Teck Yong

  

[2024] SGHC 29

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 814 of 2023 (Summons
No 3619 of 2023)  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
11 January 2024

31 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 The Claimant is Shopee Singapore Pte Ltd (“Shopee”). Its primary business is
running an e-commerce platform, Shopee, which operates in various markets,
including Southeast Asia, Taiwan and Brazil. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Su Jing dated 21 November 2023 (“SJ1”) at para 5.

The Defendant, Lim Teck Yong (“Lim”), was Shopee’s former employee from 17
August 2015 to 31 August 2023. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim filed 24 November 2023 (“SOC”) at para 4; Defence filed 28
December 2023 (“Defence”) at para 5.3; SJ1 at para 27.

On 11 September 2023, Lim commenced employment with ByteDance Pte Ltd
(“ByteDance”) as the “Leader for TikTok Shop Governance and Experience
(“GNE”), Middle Platform” [emphasis in original]. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Lim Teck Yong dated 13 December 2023 (“LTY”) at para 31.

TikTok Pte Ltd (“TikTok”) operates the social media platform TikTok, which
launched an e-commerce platform under the label TikTok Shop. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SJ1 at para 37, 44.

2 In Summons 3619 of 2023 (“SUM 3619”), Shopee seeks interim injunctions to
restrain Lim from accepting employment with ByteDance, and to restrain Lim
from soliciting Shopee’s clients and employees, in reliance on several
contractual clauses that Lim had agreed to with Shopee. In the alternative,
Shopee seeks a springboard injunction to restrain Lim from accepting
employment with any of Shopee’s competitors.

Facts

Lim’s employment history with Shopee

3 It is undisputed that Lim was formerly a senior employee of Shopee. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 4; Defence at para 5.3.

Over the course of his employment with Shopee, Lim held the following
positions: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SJ1 at para 27.

(a) Head of Regional Operations, HQ: 17 August 2015 to January 2021;

(b) Head of Regional People Team, Shopee: June 2016 to January 2021;

(c) Senior Director of Regional Operations, HQ: January 2019 to November 2020;

(d) Executive Director of Regional Operations, HQ: December 2020 to January
2021; and

(e) Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil: January 2021 to
31 August 2023 (Lim was on unpaid leave of absence between 18 July 2023 to 31
August 2023).

4 Lim resigned from his position as Executive Director, Head of Operations for
Shopee Brazil in mid-May 2023. He proceeded to serve his notice period of two
months before terminating his employment with Shopee on 31 August 2023. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LTY at para 29.

Lim joined ByteDance on 11 September 2023. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

LTY at para 31.

5 The parties dispute the scope of Lim’s responsibilities while employed by
Shopee, and the extent of the similarities between Lim’s roles while employed
by Shopee and ByteDance.

6 Shopee’s case is that Lim’s role in ByteDance is substantially similar to
the roles he undertook in Shopee, as Lim continues, in his role in ByteDance,
to: (a) manage user experience, such as customer satisfaction; (b) manage the
designing of policies relating to seller and listing management; (c) manage
the publishing of external-facing policies of TikTok Shop to sellers and
creators; (d) manage after-sale services such as return and refund; and (e)
manage and hold responsibilities in respect of the Southeast Asia market
(albeit allegedly to a lesser extent than the US and UK markets). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 5 January 2024 (“CWS”) at para 21.

7 Lim avers that his current position is the “Leader for TikTok Shop
Governance and Experience (“GNE”), Middle Platform”. In the key markets in
which TikTok Shop operates, the Middle Platform team has a primarily
supporting role, which includes assisting with conducting data analysis and
root cause analysis to enhance operational metrics. TikTok Shop operates in
the US, the UK and various parts of Southeast Asia . The Southeast Asia market
is the most established. Lim’s role and responsibilities entail managing five
sub-teams in the areas of: (a) creator and content management; (b) seller and
listing management; (c) buyer, seller and creator experience; (d) policy and
education; and (e) emergency response. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LTY at paras 31–33.

Lim claims that the scope of his work in ByteDance is different from that of
his last role as Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil,
which was geographically confined to Brazil, in which TikTok Shop does not
currently operate. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LTY at paras 34, 36 and 38.

The relevant clauses of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement and Employee
Confidentiality Agreement

8 When Lim was first employed by Shopee as Head of Regional Operations, HQ on
17 August 2015, he agreed to and signed a Restrictive Covenants Agreement
(“RCA”) dated 17 August 2015. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SJ1 at para 3.

The relevant clause of the RCA on non-solicitation and non-competition states:
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Claimant’s Bundle of Documents dated 5 January 2024 (“CBOD”) at p 407.

2\. NON-SOLICITATION AND NON-COMPETITION

2.1 The Employee acknowledges that he/she will during the course of his/her
employment be privy to confidential and sensitive information and that he/she
will make, maintain and develop valuable personal contacts with clients,
suppliers, staff and other third parties and further that it would be unfair
for him/her, after he/she has left Shopee’s employment, to be free to exploit
such knowledge and contacts immediately. He/she therefore covenants with and
undertake [sic] to Shopee that he/she will not (save with the prior written
consent of Shopee) do any of the following things in the Restricted
Territories for a period of 12 months after the Termination Date:

(a) seek or accept employment with or engagement by or otherwise perform
services for or engage in business as or be in any way interested in or
connected with a Competitor [the “Non-Competition Restriction”];

…

(c) seek, solicit, or endeavour to entice away from Shopee all or part of the
account of any business of any Client [the “Client Non-Solicitation
Restriction”];

…

(e) solicit or procure the services of or endeavour to entice away from Shopee
or employment or assist in or procure the employment by another of any
officer, employee or consultant of Shopee where that person is someone with
whom he/she has had material dealings or contact during the twelve (12) months
immediately preceding the Termination Date (and whether or not such person
would commit any breach of his/her contract of employment or engagement by
reason of leaving the service of Shopee ) [the “Employee Non-Solicitation
Restriction”],

in each case whether directly or indirectly and whether on his/her own behalf
or with or for or on behalf of any other person, concern, undertaking, firm or
body corporate.

…

9 The terms referred to in cl 2.1 of the RCA are defined in cl 1.1 of the RCA
as follows: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CBOD at pp 406–407.

…

"Competitor" means any person, concern, undertaking, firm or body corporate
which as at the Termination Date is engaged in or carries on within any part
of the Restricted Territories any business of a kind carried on by Shopee or
any Group Company thereof and with which the Employee has been involved on
behalf of Shopee or such Group Company at any time within twelve (12) months
immediately preceding the Termination Date.

"Confidential Information" means all information and data (whether recorded or
not and, if recorded, in whatever form on whatever media and by whomsoever
recorded) relating to all or any part of the business, organisation,
operations, dealings, property, assets, technology, activities, services,
financial affairs, management and administration of Shopee or any Group
Company or treated as confidential to Shopee or any Group Company including,
without limitation, trade secrets, technical information, businesses,
services, client lists, trade names, trademarks, service marks or other
proprietary business designations used or owned by Shopee or any Group Company
but shall not include information or material already in the public domain
through none of his/her default or omission.

…

"Restricted Territories" means Singapore and such other countries within which
Shopee or any Group Company thereof operates at the Termination Date and in
relation to such country, during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding
the Termination Date, the Employee:

(a) undertook duties for Shopee or any Group Company thereof with respect to
the business of Shopee or any Group Company;

(b) had a degree of management responsibility for the business of Shopee or
any Group Company or a material part thereof; and/or

(c) was privy to Confidential Information regarding the business of Shopee or
any Group Company.

…

"Termination Date" means the date on which the Employee’s employment with
Shopee terminates.

10 On 17 August 2015, Lim also entered into an Employee Confidentiality
Agreement (“ECA”) with Shopee. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LTY at para 8(a).

Clause 2.3 of the ECA states: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SJ1 at pp 47–48.

The Employee undertakes to at all times, both during his/her employment by
Shopee and after his/her termination, (a) hold in the strictest confidence and
will not disclose any Proprietary Information except to other Shopee Group
employees, agents and representatives who need to know, or to third parties
who are bound by written confidentiality agreements to the extent necessary to
carry out his/her responsibilities as an employee of Shopee and in a manner
consistent with any such third party confidentiality agreements; (b) use
Proprietary Information only for the exclusive benefit of Shopee Group as may
be necessary in the ordinary course of performing his/her duties as an
employee of Shopee; and (c) will cooperate with Shopee and use his/her best
efforts to prevent the unauthorised disclosure, use or reproduction of any
Proprietary Information.

Procedural history

11 On 6 October 2023, Shopee’s solicitors sent a letter to Lim. The letter
alleged that Lim was in flagrant breach of the Non-Competition Restriction. It
demanded that Lim immediately cease his employment with ByteDance, and amongst
other things, required Lim to provide undertakings to comply with the Non-
Competition Restriction and Lim’s obligations under the ECA. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SJ1 at para 57 and pp 220-225.

12 On 26 October 2023, Lim’s solicitors replied that Lim disagreed with
Shopee’s allegations made in the 6 October 2023 letter. Lim’s position was
that Shopee had not demonstrated that it had any legitimate proprietary
interest in respect of the “confidential information” protected under the RCA
that was not already protected under the ECA. Clause 2 of the RCA was also
unreasonable in scope and duration and amounted to an unlawful restraint of
trade. In the circumstances, Lim refused to provide the undertakings and
responded that he would not be acceding to Shopee’s demands. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SJ1 at p 232.

13 On 24 November 2023, Shopee brought Originating Claim 814 of 2023 (“OC
814”), seeking a declaration that cl 2.1 of the RCA and cl 2.3 of the ECA are
valid and enforceable and that Lim has breached them, as well as damages to be
assessed. At the same time, Shopee brought SUM 3619, seeking in the main, the
following orders against Lim:

(a) until the final determination of OC 814 or 30 August 2024 (inclusive),
whichever is the earlier, an injunction to prohibit Lim from, in respect of
Brazil, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and
Vietnam:

(i) seeking or accepting employment with any of Shopee’s “Competitors” (as
defined in the RCA);

(ii) soliciting or endeavouring to entice away from Shopee all or part of the
account of any business of any of Shopee’s “Clients” (as defined in the RCA);
and/or

(iii) soliciting any of Shopee’s employees, officers or consultants with whom
Lim had material dealings or contact during the twelve months preceding the
termination of his employment with Shopee;

(b) further and/or in the alternative, until the final determination of OC 814
or 30 August 2024 (inclusive), whichever is the earlier, a springboard
injunction to prohibit Lim from seeking or accepting employment with any of
Shopee’s competitors so as to give them an unfair competitive advantage over
Shopee.

14 SUM 3619 also contained a prayer for all documents filed in respect of the
application to be sealed. However, Shopee did not advance any evidence or
submissions in support of this prayer and confirmed at the hearing before me
that it was not proceeding with this prayer. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence dated 11 January 2024 (“NE”) at p 1.

Parties’ cases

Shopee

15 Shopee submits that Lim has breached or is about to breach cl 2.1 of the
RCA and cl 2.3 of the ECA, which I shall refer to collectively as the
“restraint of trade clauses”. Interim injunctions should therefore be granted
as Lim has not shown that he will suffer hardship over and above observing his
contractual obligations. In any event, there is a serious case to be tried in
respect of the validity, enforceability and breach of the restraint of trade
clauses, and the balance of convenience lies in favour of granting the interim
injunctions. Further or in the alternative, Shopee submits that a springboard
injunction should be granted as Lim has misused confidential information to
give ByteDance an unfair advantage.

Lim

16 Lim submits that there is no serious question to be tried with respect to
his alleged breach of the restraint of trade clauses. Shopee has failed to
show that the Non-Competition Restriction protects any legitimate proprietary
interest, or was reasonable in the interests of the parties and the public.
Shopee has also failed to show that the Client Non-Solicitation Restriction
and the Employee Non-Solicitation Restriction, which I shall refer to
collectively as the “Non-Solicitation Restrictions”, are about to be breached.
Furthermore, the springboard injunction should not be granted as Lim was not
privy to confidential information, and in any event, has not obtained an
unfair “head start” as a result of his unlawful acts.

The law

The American Cyanamid test in respect of restraint of trade interim
injunctions

17 In Reed Exhibitions Pte Ltd v Khoo Yak Chuan Thomas and another [1995] 3
SLR(R) 383 at [14], the Court of Appeal held that in considering the grant of
an interlocutory injunction to enforce a restraint of trade covenant, the
principles set out in American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396
(“American Cyanamid”) should be applied. In RGA Holdings International Inc v
Loh Choon Phing Robin and another [2017] 2 SLR 997 (“RGA Holdings”) at [28],
the Court of Appeal characterised the American Cyanamid test as containing the
following considerations, on which I further elaborate:

(a) Whether there is a serious question to be tried with a real prospect of
success. The threshold is a low one. All it requires is that the claim is not
frivolous or vexatious. The court will only investigate the prospects of
success to a limited extent – “[a]ll that has to be seen is whether [the
applicant] has prospects of success which, in substance and reality, exist”:
Singapore Civil Procedure 2022 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
2022) (“Singapore Civil Procedure 2022”) at para 29/1/12.

(b) If there is a serious question to be tried, whether the balance of
convenience lies in favour of granting the injunction. The court proceeds on a
two-stage analysis:

(i) If damages would be an adequate remedy and the respondent is in a
financial position to pay them, an injunction should normally not be granted.
On the other hand, if damages would not be an adequate remedy, the court
should consider whether, if the injunction was granted, the respondent would
be adequately compensated under the applicant’s undertaking as to damages: Re
Fineplas Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tasinder Pte Ltd) [2001] 1 SLR(R)
192 at [7].

(ii) If damages would not be an adequate remedy, or if the court is doubtful
about the adequacy of damages, the court considers where the balance of
convenience lies: Leong Quee Ching Karen v Lim Soon Huat and others [2023]
SGHC 359 at [42], citing Singapore Civil Procedure 2022 at paras
13/1/14–13/1/16. The court should take whichever course appears to carry the
lower risk of injustice if that course should ultimately turn out to have been
the “wrong” course. This principle is necessary as the court is asked to
assess the balance of convenience at an early stage and based only on
affidavit evidence: Maldives Airports Co Ltd and another v GMR Malé
International Airport Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 (“Maldives Airports Co Ltd”) at
[53].

18 An additional point of consideration in this case is that restraint of
trade clauses, particularly those in the context of employment, are prima
facie void and unenforceable. This is to give effect to the public policy that
frowns upon attempts to unreasonably proscribe freedom of trade: Man Financial
(S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong
Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“Man Financial”) at [45]. In Man
Financial, the Court of Appeal cited with approval at [70] and [79] a two-
stage test for determining whether a restrictive covenant in restraint of
trade is enforceable, namely:

(a) the court will first consider whether the restrictive covenant protects a
legitimate interest of the employer;

(b) if the answer to (a) is “yes”, the restrictive covenant will be
enforceable if it is in addition: (i) reasonable in the interests of the
parties; and (ii) reasonable in the public interest.

The court recognised at [94] and [121] that an employer can have legitimate
proprietary interests in: (a) restraining an employee from misusing any trade
secrets (ie, confidential information); (b) protecting the special trade
connections established by the employee with the employer’s customers; and (c)
maintaining a stable, trained work force.

19 In Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR 308
(“Smile Inc Dental”), the Court of Appeal held at [20] that the courts adopt a
stricter approach when considering restrictive covenants in the context of a
contract of employment as compared to the situation where such a clause is
contained in a contract for the sale of a business. This is because of the
differing nature of the legitimate proprietary interest to be protected and
the greater inequality of bargaining power in an employment context.

20 Where the protection of confidential information or trade secrets is
already covered by another contractual clause, the covenantee will have to
demonstrate that the restraint of trade clause in question covers a legitimate
proprietary interest over and above the protection of confidential information
or trade secrets. This proposition is a general one and would apply equally in
the context of other legitimate proprietary interests, for example, that of
trade connections: Man Financial at [92].

21 Therefore, applying the American Cyanamid principles to an interim
injunction in respect of a restraint of trade clause, an applicant must show:

(a) a serious question to be tried that the restraint of trade clause is valid
and enforceable, namely that it protects a legitimate proprietary interest and
that it is reasonable in the interests of the parties and the public;

(b) a serious question to be tried that a restraint of trade clause has been
breached; and

(c) if there are serious questions to be tried, that the balance of
convenience lies in favour of granting the interim injunction.

22 In RGA Holdings, the Court of Appeal held at [33] that the American
Cyanamid test does not apply to an application for an interim prohibitory
injunction where the respondent is about to breach, or has already breached, a
negative covenant in a contract. The court in such a case does not ask whether
there is a serious question to be tried and whether the balance of convenience
is in favour of granting such an injunction. Instead, an interim prohibitory
injunction will readily be granted to restrain a prospective breach or a
further breach. It will only be refused if the respondent shows that he will
suffer hardship over and above that which results from having to observe the
contract. One of the issues in this case is whether this holding in RGA
Holdings applies to trade restraint cases generally and to this particular
trade restraint case, such that the American Cyanamid test does not apply.

The law applicable to springboard injunctions

23 In respect of the grant of springboard injunctions, the High Court accepted
in Goh Seng Heng v RSP Investments and others and another matter [2017] 3 SLR
657 (“Goh Seng Heng”) at [67] that the following requirements need to be
satisfied: (a) confidential information had been misused or is at risk of
being misused; (b) such misuse of confidential information had given an unfair
competitive advantage to the respondent; (c) the “unfair advantage” was still
being enjoyed by the respondent at the time the injunction was sought; and (d)
damages would be inadequate to compensate the applicant.

Issues to be determined

24 The issues for determination are:

(a) Whether the holding at [33] of RGA Holdings is generally applicable to
restraint of trade cases.

(b) Whether there are serious questions to be tried that the restraint of
trade clauses are valid and enforceable, and were breached by Lim.

(c) If there are serious questions to be tried, whether the balance of
convenience lies in favour of granting the interim injunctions.

25 I shall address each issue in turn.

Issue 1: Whether the holding at [33] of RGA Holdings is applicable to
restraint of trade cases

26 Shopee submits that in this case, the American Cyanamid principles are
inapplicable and that RGA Holdings applies instead. RGA Holdings held at [33]
that the American Cyanamid test does not apply to an application for an
interim prohibitory injunction where the respondent is about to breach, or has
already breached, a negative covenant in a contract (see [22] above). Lim in
turn submits that RGA Holdings does not apply to restraint of trade cases,
given the public policy that restraint of trade clauses are prima facie
invalid.

27 I am unable to agree with Lim’s submission that RGA Holdings does not apply
to restraint of trade cases because of the public policy against restraint of
trade clauses. It was stated by the Court of Appeal in RGA Holdings at [40]
that the rule “applies to restrain all manner of breaches of negative
contractual obligations”. The court went on to cite with approval the English
case of Vefa Ibrahim Araci v Kieren Fallon [2011] EWCA Civ 668, which
concerned an interim prohibitory injunction which was granted to restrain a
jockey from acting in breach of a negative covenant in his contract with a
racehorse owner not to ride a rival owner’s horse.

28 In my view, the force of the public policy that restraint of trade clauses
are prima facie invalid, comes through the two-stage test set out in Man
Financial for determining whether a restrictive covenant in restraint of trade
is enforceable, rather than through the inapplicability of the holding at [33]
of RGA Holdings to restraint of trade clauses.

29 It should be borne in mind that the principles in RGA Holdings are only
applicable where an applicant has shown that the respondent is about to
breach, or has already breached, a negative covenant. In the context of a
restraint of trade clause, the applicant must first show that the restraint of
trade clause is valid and enforceable, in that it protects a legitimate
interest of the applicant and in addition is reasonable in the interests of
the parties and the public. Where an applicant is unable to show that there is
a serious question that the restraint of trade clause is valid and
enforceable, it is highly doubtful that the applicant could show that the
respondent has breached or is about to breach the negative covenant. Hence,
the applicability of [33] of RGA Holdings in a particular case is closely
interwoven with whether there is a serious question to be tried, that the
restrictive covenant in question is valid and enforceable.

30 With this in mind, I will consider the issue of whether there are serious
questions to be tried, that the restraint of trade clauses are valid and
enforceable, and were breached by Lim, before providing my views on the
applicability of [33] of RGA Holdings to the case here.

Issue 2: Whether there are serious questions to be tried that the restraint of
trade clauses are valid and enforceable, and were breached

31 Shopee submits that the interim injunction should be granted as the test in
American Cyanamid is satisfied. It relies on Buckman Laboratories (Asia) Pte
Ltd v Lee Wei Hoong [1999] 1 SLR(R) 205 (“Buckman Laboratories”). There, the
High Court noted at [28] that while it had grave doubts about the
enforceability of the restrictive covenants, the plaintiffs’ case was not
obviously frivolous or vexatious and the facts disclosed did satisfy the low
threshold of “serious question to be tried”. The court in determining whether
there is a “serious question to be tried” should not attempt to resolve
conflicts of evidence on affidavit pertaining to facts on which the claims of
either party may ultimately depend, as these should be properly dealt with at
trial: Jardine Lloyd Thompson Pte Ltd v Howden Insurance Brokers (S) Pte Ltd
and others [2015] 5 SLR 258 at [6]. Shopee submits there is a “serious
question to be tried” in respect of:

(a) whether the restrictions are valid and enforceable; and

(b) if so, whether Lim breached and/or threatened to breach the restrictions.

32 I will first consider whether there are serious questions to be tried in
relation to the Non-Competition Restriction, before considering this in
relation to the Non-Solicitation Restrictions (collectively “Non-Solicitation
Restrictions”).

Non-Competition Restriction

33 Shopee bears the burden of showing that there is a serious case that the
Non-Competition Restriction is valid and enforceable, in that it protects a
legitimate proprietary interest and is reasonable in the interests of the
parties and the public, and that Lim has breached the restriction.

Shopee’s case on the Non-Competition Restriction

34 First, Shopee submits that the Non-Competition Restriction protects two
legitimate interests: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CWS at paras 58–67.

(a) Trade connections: In his positions as Head of Regional Operations, HQ and
Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil, Lim had to manage
and cultivate strong professional relationships with key representatives of
potential and existing vendors, partners and stakeholders of Shopee’s
business. Lim was given unrestricted access to the precise commercial terms of
the agreements which Shopee entered into with these trade connections.

(b) Maintenance of a stable and trained workforce: This contains two elements:
(i) Shopee’s interest in not losing its existing employees due to Lim’s
solicitation; and (ii) Shopee’s significant investment in training Lim and
building up his expertise. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CWS at paras 64–67;NE at p 6.

35 Shopee’s counsel later clarified that based on Shopee’s submission in
relation to “Restricted Territories”, as defined under cl 1.1 of the RCA, the
legitimate proprietary interest it seeks to protect with the Non-Competition
Restriction is that of confidential information. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE at p 3.

I set out the implications of this below at [57] to [60].

36 Second, Shopee further submits that the Non-Competition Restriction is
reasonable in terms of: (a) the geographical area of the restraint; (b) the
activity restrained; and (c) the duration of the restraint.

37 Shopee’s case is that the “Restricted Territories” as defined under cl 1.1
of the RCA would include Singapore, and all other countries where Shopee
operated:

(a) during the 12 months immediately preceding the cessation of Lim’s
employment; and

(b) for which Lim was privy to confidential information regarding the business
of Shopee. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CWS at para 70.

38 The geographical area of restraint under Shopee’s case comprises Brazil,
Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.
The confidential information includes: (a) immediate and long-term growth and
business plans; (b) seller and listing management, customer satisfaction and
pricing and marketing strategies; and (c) detailed statistics on orders,
financial metrics, users and gross merchandise value, that Lim continued to
have access to up until July 2023. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CWS at para 71.

39 Shopee submits that in light of Lim’s extensive involvement in matters of
strategy in the “Restricted Territories” until 17 July 2023, and the fact that
the e-commerce industry is a specialised industry with a limited number of
industry players, the geographical area of restraint of the Non-Competition
Restriction is not unduly wide. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CWS at para 75.

40 Shopee further submits that the activity restraint is reasonable as it is
limited to “Competitors” of Shopee which operate in the “Restricted
Territories” the same type of operations which Lim managed on behalf of Shopee
during the 12 months immediately preceding the termination of Lim’s
employment. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CWS at para 77.

It would not prevent Lim from participating in e-commerce companies which
carry on business in markets outside the Restricted Territories (such as in
the US and UK). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

CWS at para 78.

41 Shopee avers that a duration of 12 months cannot be considered unduly long,
considering that e-commerce is a highly specialised industry, and in light of
Lim’s “very senior” position in Shopee and the extensive training he received
during his long tenure in Shopee. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CWS at para 79.

42 Third, Shopee submits that as Lim currently carries out for ByteDance
similar roles and responsibilities as those performed while he was employed by
Shopee, and these duties are carried out in the “Restricted Territories”,
there is a serious question to be tried in respect of whether Lim has breached
the Non-Competition Restriction. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

CWS at para 83.

Lim’s case on the Non-Competition Restriction

43 First, Lim submits that he has not breached the Non-Competition Restriction
as both the scope and geographical range of his work at Shopee Brazil and
TikTok Shop are different. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 5 January 2024 (“DWS”) at para 12.

In TikTok Shop, he does not handle payment, fraud, logistics, customer service
and warehousing, as he did as Head of Regional Operations, HQ and Executive
Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil at Shopee. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LTY at para 34.

He currently focuses mainly on the US and UK markets, dedicating much of the
time and resources of the Middle Platform team to that region. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

LTY at para 34.

44 Lim avers that he was in Brazil in the 12 months preceding the termination
of his employment with Shopee on 31 August 2023, ie, the “Termination Date” as
defined by cl 1.1 of the RCA. His scope of duties and responsibilities was
restricted to the Brazil market and did not concern Shopee’s operations in the
other markets. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

LTY at para 36.

Based on the plain wording of cl 1.1 of the RCA, the definitions of
“Competitor” and “Restricted Territories” could not have included the non-
Brazilian markets. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DWS at paras 36 and 38.

In addition, TikTok Shop was not available in Brazil as at the Termination
Date. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

LTY at para 38.

Therefore, as a matter of construction, TikTok Shop cannot be construed as a
“Competitor” of Shopee in Brazil under cl 1.1 of the RCA. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DWS at para 39.

45 Hence, cl 2.1 of the RCA does not prohibit Lim from being employed by
ByteDance. Given this, there can be no real prospect of success on Shopee’s
part to stop Lim from working with ByteDance.

46 Second, Lim’s case is that Shopee has failed to show that the Non-
Competition Restriction protects a legitimate proprietary interest. Clause 2.1
of the RCA states that the purpose of the Non-Competition Restriction is to
protect Shopee’s “confidential and sensitive information”. However, Shopee has
not demonstrated that its legitimate proprietary interest in protecting the
confidential information covered under the RCA went over and above its
interest in protecting the confidential information protected under the ECA.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DWS at para 45.

47 Lim submits that as the RCA also contains the Non-Solicitation
Restrictions, it is doubtful whether there is any legitimate proprietary
interest covered under the Non-Competition Restriction: HT SRL v Wee Shuo Woon
[2019] 5 SLR 245 (“HT SRL”) at [77]. Given the above, the main function of the
Non-Competition Restriction was to inhibit competition in business, which will
not be recognised by the courts. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DWS at paras 46–47.

48 Lim further disputes that he was privy to commercially sensitive
information. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DWS at para 8.

He avers that Shopee has also not demonstrated in any of their affidavits that
Lim had breached the Non-Solicitation Restrictions or his confidentiality
obligations under the ECA, or that the confidential information is at risk of
misuse by Lim. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS at para 49.

Although Shopee relies on Lim not providing Shopee with the undertakings
demanded by them, there was never any basis for Lim to provide such a
confirmation, more so when he had not breached the Non-Competition
Restriction. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DWS at para 49.

In any event, Lim’s refusal to provide the written confirmation, especially
when he is under no duty to do so, does not mean that Lim had committed those
breaches. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DWS at para 49.

49 Third, Lim argues that in any event, the Non-Competition Restriction is too
wide and unenforceable. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS at para 44.

By Shopee’s interpretation, cl2.1 of the RCA would restrict Lim from being
employed in relation to the Restricted Territories, notwithstanding that the
markets concerned went beyond Lim’s job scope in the 12-month period preceding
the Termination Date. This would prevent Lim from accepting any employment
with any of Shopee’s competitors, notwithstanding that Lim is working in a
different department with different duties or in a different market from what
Lim was involved in while in Shopee. The 12-month period of restraint is also
unreasonable in the fast-changing e-commerce industry.

My decision on the Non-Competition Restriction

50 Under cl 2.1 of the RCA, Lim undertook not to accept employment with a
“Competitor” in the “Restricted Territories” for a period of 12 months after
the Termination Date.

51 Shopee seeks the interim injunctions in relation to Brazil, Indonesia,
Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. Whether
these countries fall under the definition of “Restricted Territories” is thus
material to whether Lim undertook employment with a “Competitor” in the
“Restricted Territories”.

52 The ambit of “Restricted Territories” is also material to whether Lim is
working for a “Competitor”. A “Competitor” is defined under cl 1.1 of the RCA
as including any firm which as at the Termination Date: (a) is engaged within
any part of the “Restricted Territories”; (b) in any business of a kind
carried on by Shopee; and (c) with which the employee has been involved on
behalf of Shopee at any time within 12 months preceding the Termination Date.

53 The material definition of “Restricted Territories” as defined in cl 1.1 of
the RCA is:

(a) meaning Singapore and such other countries within which Shopee operated as
at the Termination Date; and

(b) in relation to such country, during the 12 months immediately preceding
the Termination Date, the employee:

(i) undertook duties for Shopee with respect to the business of Shopee;

(ii) had a degree of management responsibility for the business of Shopee or a
material part thereof; and/or

(iii) was privy to “Confidential Information” regarding the business of
Shopee.

I shall refer to (b)(iii) above as “Limb (C)”.

54 Hence, the material period for the consideration of Lim’s involvement in
Shopee under cl 2.1 of the RCA is the 12 months preceding the Termination
Date, which is 31 August 2023. During this period, Lim only held the position
of Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil.

55 Shopee initially submitted that Lim concurrently undertook duties or had
managerial responsibilities as Executive Director of Regional Operations even
whilst his title was that of Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee
Brazil. When asked if this was in evidence, Shopee pointed to para 31 of the
first affidavit of Su Jing, the Senior Manager of Shopee’s People Team.
However, para 31 of Su Jing’s first affidavit does not substantiate this
submission, since it simply states: “in the [Lim’s] most recent positions
(i.e. Executive Director of Regional Operations, HQ and Executive Director,
Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil), his main duties and responsibilities
included the following …”. In other words, the duties and responsibilities
listed at para 31 are not limited to those connected to Lim’s role as
Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil. Counsel for Shopee
ultimately accepted that there is no language in para 31 of Su Jing’s first
affidavit which suggests that Lim continued to take on duties as Executive
Director of Regional Operations, when his title was Executive Director, Head
of Operations for Shopee Brazil, and informed that there is nothing else in
Shopee’s affidavits which testifies to this. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE at p 2.

56 Hence, Shopee has not provided any evidence that Lim was undertaking duties
or having a degree of managerial responsibility outside of Brazil, when he was
Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil.

57 Counsel for Shopee confirmed that Shopee’s case that the definition of
“Restricted Territories” in cl 1.1 of the RCA is triggered, is premised on
Limb (C) of the definition of “Restricted Territories”, in that Lim was privy
to “Confidential Information” regarding the business of Shopee (outside of
Brazil), in the 12 months preceding the Termination Date, by virtue of his
being Executive Director, Head of Operations for Shopee Brazil. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

CWS at para 74; NE at p 3.

58 Given that Shopee’s submission is that the definition of “Restricted
Territories” under cl 1.1 of the RCA is triggered because of Limb (C), in that
Lim was privy to “Confidential Information” regarding the business of Shopee,
the legitimate proprietary interest it seeks to protect through the Non-
Competition Restriction would be that of protecting confidential information.
Counsel for Shopee confirmed that this was the case. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE at p 3.

59 However, it has been held by the Court of Appeal in Man Financial at [79]
that there “must always – and this is a fundamental legal proposition in this
particular area of the law – be a legitimate proprietary interest which the
court will then seek to protect by way of the doctrine of restraint of trade”
[emphasis in original]. Critically, Man Financial held at [92] that “where the
protection of the confidential information or trade secrets is already covered
by another clause in the contract, the covenantee will have to demonstrate
that the restraint of trade clause in question covers a legitimate proprietary
interest over and above the protection of confidential information or trade
secrets” [emphasis in original].

60 In this case, the “Confidential Information” referred to in Limb (C) is
already protected by the ECA. This places this case squarely within the
proposition set out in Man Financial at [92]. Shopee’s response was that there
have been High Court decisions that critiqued this ruling in Man Financial,
such as Lek Gwee Noi v Humming Flowers & Gifts Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 27 at
[70].

61 Nevertheless, Man Financial has not been overturned and remains binding on
this court, as a Court of Appeal decision. There have also been more recent
High Court decisions that have applied the principle set out in Man Financial
at [92] in respect of non-competition and non-solicitation clauses: see, eg,
HT SRL at [74]-[77].

62 While counsel for Shopee did confirm at the hearing that in relation to the
Non-Competition Restriction, its case is premised on its legitimate
proprietary interest in the protection of confidential information, I will for
completeness deal with whether the protection of trade connections and the
maintenance of a stable and trained workforce could be the legitimate
proprietary interests protected, given that Shopee had earlier submitted in
its written submissions that the Non-Competition Restriction also protects
these interests. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CWS at para 58.

63 There are two difficulties with this. First, these are not the interests
that Shopee asserts were protected through the Non-Competition Restriction,
based on its submission on how the definition of “Restricted Territories” is
triggered. As Shopee's interpretation of “Restricted Territories” covers
countries for which confidential information relating to the corresponding
markets was allegedly available to Lim during his employment, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CWS at paras 70–71.

it would follow that the proprietary legitimate interest it seeks to protect
is the protection of confidential information and not the protection of trade
connections or the maintenance a stable workforce. Counsel for Shopee accepted
that this would be the case. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE at p 3.

64 Second, it was held in Man Financial at [92] that the proposition expounded
there is a general one and would apply equally in the context of other
legitimate proprietary interests (for example that of trade connections).
Given that trade connections are covered by another clause in the RCA, namely
the Client Non-Solicitation Restriction, following Man Financial, Shopee would
have to demonstrate that the Non-Competition Restriction covers a legitimate
proprietary interest over and above the protection of trade connections. This
principle was also referred to in HT SRL at [77], where it was expressed that
given the scope of the non-solicitation restraint clause, the judge was
doubtful that there was any legitimate proprietary interest in the protection
of the trade connection covered by the non-competition clause.

65 This analysis applies equally to any argument that the legitimate
proprietary interest covered by the Non-Competition Restriction is the
maintenance of a stable, trained workforce, given that such an interest is
already covered by the Employee Non-Solicitation Restriction.

66 Counsel for Shopee accepted that Man Financial refers to the legitimate
proprietary interest in maintaining a stable and trained workforce as
referring to the need to retain other employees and restrain the solicitation
of such employees: Man Financial at [95], [103] and [106]. It was however
submitted that such an interest also extends to the interest of an employer in
retaining a particular employee after training has been invested in that
individual. The High Court’s decision in PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd v
Intrepid Offshore Construction Pte Ltd and another [2012] 4 SLR 36 (“PH
Hydraulics”) at [64] was cited in support. I note that in another High Court
decision, 3D Networks Singapore Pte Ltd v Voon South Shiong and another [2023]
4 SLR 396 at [32], Chan Seng Onn SJ cited Man Financial at [121] in finding
that “the maintenance of a stable, trained workforce is a legitimate
proprietary interest that the employer is entitled to protect via a non-
solicitation clause.” This tracks more closely the conception of this
legitimate proprietary interest, as explained by Man Financial.

67 I further note that in PH Hydraulics at [64], the court found that there
existed such a form of proprietary interest on the facts as the marine winch
industry is a relatively small and specialised one. In contrast, it could not
be said that the e-commerce industry is small. Counsel for Shopee submitted
that there are only a few big players and that it is specialised, but accepted
that it could not be said that the e-commerce industry is small, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE at p 7.

in terms of size and the number of players. That being the case, it would be
difficult to say that Lim’s skillsets are so specialised and hard to replace,
such that there is a legitimate proprietary interest in maintaining a stable
and trained workforce, by restraining Lim in a similar vein to what was found
in PH Hydraulics.

68 In any event, this point is hypothetical here and does not affect the
substance of the assessment of the Non-Competition Restriction. This is
because Shopee’s case is that the restriction is triggered by Limb (C) of the
definition of “Restricted Territories” and consequently is premised on a
legitimate proprietary interest in the protection of confidential information,
and not the maintenance of a stable and trained workforce. As set out above,
given that such an interest in the protection of confidential information is
already protected elsewhere by the ECA, there are serious doubts that Shopee
would be able to rely on such an interest in asserting the validity of the
Non-Competition Restriction.

69 I also observe that the confidential information that Shopee seeks to
protect is set out along fairly generic categories, for example: (a) immediate
and long-term growth and business plans; (b) seller and listing management,
customer satisfaction, pricing and marketing strategies; and (c) detailed
statistics on orders, financial metrics, users and gross merchandise value,
that Lim continued to have access to up until July 2023. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

CWS at para 71.

Shopee did not plead or point to any specific confidential information.

70 Counsel for Shopee informed that this was because Shopee’s concern was more
with the general knowhow that Lim was exposed to, rather than any specific set
of information. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE at p 6.

Such general knowhow appears to be more akin to the “general character and
principle” type of confidential information which the House of Lords in
Herbert Morris, Limited v Saxelby [1916] 1 AC 688 (“Herbert Morris”)
considered at 703 could not be a trade secret meriting protection. Herbert
Morris was cited in Man Financial at [89] and the court went on to state at
[91] that any trade secrets or confidential information must be specifically
pleaded, as a general assertion will obviously not pass muster.

71 While I am prepared to accept that it is Shopee’s case that this is the
nature of the confidential information that it seeks to protect, the
generality of such information affects the geographical scope of the restraint
that Shopee seeks in the Non-Competition Restriction. Shopee submits that Lim
acquired the confidential information by participating “in regularly held
regional operations meetings” where Shopee’s “strategies and priorities for
all markets would be shared and discussed” [emphasis added]. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

CWS at para 128.

Based on this argument that the confidential information relates to general
knowhow that Lim was exposed to during such meetings, this would exclude Lim
from being employed in all the markets where Shopee was operating, even though
these are markets Lim was not even working in or had no responsibilities for,
or had no specific information about, in the 12 months preceding the
Termination Date. In effect, Lim would simply be restrained from working for
any competitor of Shopee who had been in Shopee’s markets. I have serious
doubts that it could be said that there is a serious question if this would be
regarded as reasonable as between the parties or reasonable in the interest of
the public.

Non-Solicitation Restrictions

72 I now turn to the Non-Solicitation Restrictions that Shopee seeks interim
injunctions for. It is not disputed by Lim that Shopee has a legitimate
interest in respect of the Non-Solicitation Restrictions. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DWS at paras 49–50.

Lim’s contention is that Shopee has not shown that there is a serious question
that Lim is about to breach these restrictions. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DWS at para 49.

73 Shopee does not have any specific evidence that Lim has breached the Non-
Solicitation Restrictions. Instead, it submits that there is a risk of breach,
relying on Tan Kok Yong Steve v Itochu Singapore Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 85 (“Tan
Kok Yong”), where the court noted at [108] that there is a difference between
an ex-employee who has threatened to breach the restrictive covenant and one
who has not. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

CWS at para 93.

Shopee submits that there is a serious question to be tried in respect of
whether Lim has threatened to breach the Non-Solicitation Restrictions, in
that Lim has, by unreasonably refusing to provide the undertakings, shown a
proclivity for breaching these restrictions. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

CWS at para 94.

74 However, in my view, it is not apparent that Lim’s refusal to provide the
undertakings shows such a proclivity. By signing the RCA, Lim had already
provided his undertakings. As acknowledged by counsel for Shopee, the
undertakings requested for by Shopee on 6 October 2022 do not add anything
legally, given that Lim has already committed to the same obligations in the
RCA and ECA. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE at p 4.

Nor it is apparent why Lim should have to provide further undertakings. Lim
stated that he did not want to provide the further undertakings in relation to
the Non-Competition Restriction as Shopee has not shown a legitimate
proprietary interest and the trade restraint clause is unreasonable in scope
and duration and amounts to an unlawful restraint of trade. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

CBOD at p 418.

In the circumstances, it could hardly be said that he was unreasonable in
refusing to provide the undertakings, or that in so refusing, he has shown a
proclivity to breach the restrictions. Counsel for Shopee submitted that the
ECA and RCA, as well as Lim’s statements on affidavit that he has not and will
not breach the confidentiality restrictions and the Non-Solicitation
Restrictions,, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

LTY at paras 25 and 44.

are insufficient because they are mere words. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE at p 4.

However, the undertaking that Shopee seeks would also involve “mere words” and
they would only be between Shopee and Lim, whereas Lim has made his assurances
on a sworn affidavit before the court.

75 I find this factually different from what is discussed in Tan Kok Yong,
which Shopee relied on. There, the court referred at [102] to Heller Factoring
(Singapore) Ltd v Ng Tong Yang [1993] 1 SLR(R) 495 (“Heller”). The ex-employee
in Heller had issued a tacit assertion of entitlement and threatened to poach
the former employer’s customers. The ex-employee regarded the factoring
business as a free and competitive one. To him it was “fair game” to poach the
former employer’s customers by using their proprietary information. Given the
ex-employee’s proclivity for breaching the restrictive covenant, the court
held that an injunction would be warranted so as to better enforce it. In
contrast, Lim has stated on affidavit that he has not and will not breach the
confidentiality restrictions or the Non-Solicitation Restrictions. I therefore
find that Shopee has not, on its bare assertions alone, shown a serious case
to be tried that the Non-Solicitation Restrictions have been or are about to
be breached by Lim.

Applicability of RGA Holdings to the facts

76 Given that Shopee has not shown that there are serious questions to be
tried that the Non-Competition Restriction is valid and enforceable or that
there is a serious question to be tried that the Non-Solicitation Restrictions
have been or are about to be breached, I do not find that it could be said
that these negative covenants have been or are about to be breached. The
prerequisite for applying [33] of RGA Holdings has thus not been met.

Springboard injunction

77 The above analysis is also pertinent to Shopee’s case for a springboard
injunction. Shopee’s submission is that there is a real and material risk that
Lim intends to misuse Shopee’s restricted information, as Lim has unreasonably
refused to provide the undertakings Shopee requested in its letter of 6
October 2023. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SJ1 at pp 220-222 and 232.

While Lim has stated that he has not breached and will not breach his
confidentiality obligations under the ECA, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

LTY at para 19.

he has refused to give any undertakings in respect of the same. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

CWS at para 117.

78 Shopee submits that Lim had access to Shopee’s restricted information for
all the markets in which Shopee operated throughout his employment with
Shopee, and including while he was in Shopee Brazil. Even after Lim joined
Shopee Brazil, he continued to have access to Shopee’s up-to-date restricted
information, and participated in regularly-held regional operations meetings
where Shopee’s immediate and long-term operations strategies and priorities
for all markets would be shared and discussed. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

CWS at paras 126 and 128.

79 Shopee avers that disclosure of the restricted information Lim possesses to
ByteDance would give it an unfair advantage in its operation of TikTok Shop.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

CWS at para 119.

Therefore, a springboard injunction should be granted.

80 Lim submits that the springboard injunction would only be correctly sought
against the party that obtained a head start from the use of the confidential
information, in this case, his present employer ByteDance: QBE Management
Services (UK) Ltd v Dymoke and others [2012] IRLR 458 at [240]–[241]. Here,
the injunction is being sought against Lim who is only an employee, and who
would not obtain any head start from the use of such confidential information.
Lim also relies on his arguments, as set out above at [48], that Shopee has
not shown that Lim had access to commercially sensitive information, nor that
he had breached his confidentiality obligations, nor that he had misused
confidential information.

81 In my view, it could not be said in the circumstances that there is
evidence of a risk of Lim misusing confidential information. As analysed
above, Lim has already signed the ECA. The additional undertakings requested
for does not add anything legally. Lim has also stated on affidavit that he
has not breached and will not breach his confidentiality obligations.

Summary

82 In summary, I find that:

(a) In relation to the Non-Competition Restriction, given the serious doubts
about: (i) whether the restriction is valid under the Man Financial line of
analysis because of the lack of a legitimate proprietary interest; and (ii)
the reasonableness of the geographical restraint which extends to markets in
relation to which which Lim did not have any duties or have any specific
information about, Shopee has not shown how there are serious questions to be
tried about whether the restriction is valid or breached.

(b) In relation to the Non-Solicitation Restrictions, Shopee has not shown a
serious question to be tried that Lim is about to breach these restrictions,
simply because he declined to provide the undertakings demanded by Shopee.

(c) In relation to the springboard injunction, Shopee has not shown that there
is a serious question to be tried of whether there is risk of misuse of such
information, simply by referring to Lim’s refusal to provide the undertaking.

83 In coming to the above view, I am cognisant of the low threshold in
relation to “a serious question to be tried”. However, given the above
analysis and findings, I find that Shopee has not shown that it has any
prospects of success which, in substance and reality, exist. Its prospects are
so small that they lack substance and reality. Shopee is not able to point to
a question to be tried which can be called “serious”, and no prospects of such
success which can be called “real”: Singapore Civil Procedure 2022 at para
13/1/13.

Issue 3: Whether the balance of convenience lies in favour of granting the
interim injunctions

84 Nevertheless, bearing in mind the low threshold for “a serious question to
be tried”, I proceed to consider, for completeness, if Shopee has a case for
the injunctions sought, assuming that there are serious questions to be tried.
I set out below my assessment of this in relation to the Non-Competition
Restriction, which I understand to be Shopee’s main concern.

Adequacy of damages

85 The first sub-issue that arises is the adequacy of damages.

86 Shopee submits that damages would not be an adequate remedy to compensate
Shopee for the losses it would sustain, in the event that an interim
injunction is not granted and Shopee succeeds at trial. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

CWS at para 108.

The principal losses which Shopee would suffer would be the loss of customer
connections and goodwill, and disruptions to Shopee’s workforce. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

CWS at para 109.

Such losses have been recognised as difficult or potentially impossible to
compensate in damages: Hi-P International Ltd v Tan Chai Hau and others [2020]
SGHC 128 at [11]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

CWS at para 109.

The loss of confidential information would cause harm that cannot be
adequately compensated by damages. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SJ1 at para 81.

Conversely, Shopee submits that if the interim injunction were to be granted
and Lim were to succeed at trial, any loss that he might suffer would be
adequately compensated for in damages. The potential loss of salary is easily
quantifiable. Shopee avers that it is in a financial position to pay damages
and has confirmed that it is willing and able to provide an undertaking as to
damages. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2nd Affidavit of Su Jing dated 28 December 2023 at para 20.

87 In my view, it appears that a large part of the reason why Shopee presently
has difficulty assessing what damages could adequately compensate it for its
losses is that it has framed its potential losses in very generic terms. For
example, it does not set out which potential client or area of business it
could lose. If Shopee is able to do this, it does not seem that it would be
impossible to derive an estimate of the value of the business lost by reason
of Lim working for ByteDance during the one-year restraint period. Counsel for
Shopee explained that the potential losses are framed generically, because the
concern is that Lim’s knowhow can be used by TikTok to gain an unfair
advantage and it is difficult to say how Lim might use the information. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE at p 8.

That being the case, it appears that the issue is not that there is conceptual
difficulty in quantifying the loss, but that Shopee is not clear what would be
its loss, a point which counsel for Shopee accepts. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE at p 8.

88 Even if I accept that Lim brought to ByteDance advantages that cannot be
quantified, it also appears that damages may not be an adequate remedy for
Lim.

89 In Buckman Laboratories, Judith Prakash J (as she then was) recognised at
[32] that while monetary loss during the period where a defendant is unable to
work could be easily quantified, what would be more difficult to assess would
be the impact on his future career development. Prakash J cited Fellowes & Son
v Fisher [1976] QB 122 (“Fellowes”), where Lord Denning stated at 134:

If the clause is invalid, and yet an injunction is granted, it would be
difficult to assess the damages recoverable by the defendant upon the
undertaking in damages. He would have lost a good job with excellent
prospects. Even if he gets another job with like wages, it would be difficult
to assess the difference in terms of prospects and happiness.

90 While I recognise that the above dicta may not necessarily be applicable to
all restraint of trade injunction cases, I find Prakash J and Lord Denning’s
dicta to be persuasive here, on the facts. Shopee’s submission is that “the
e-commerce industry is a specialised industry with only a few industry
players”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

CWS at para 75.

This was subsequently clarified by counsel for Shopee, that the e-commerce
industry is an industry with only a few big players. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE at p 7.

It is also Shopee’s contention that Lim held a very senior position. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

CWS at para 79.

It may be difficult to quantify the impact on Lim’s career development if he
loses the ByteDance job in an industry with only a few big players, for
someone of his seniority.

91 Counsel for Shopee submitted that Buckman Laboratories has to be squared
with an employee’s voluntary acceptance of the trade restraint obligation. In
Buckman Laboratories, although the employee originally refused to sign the
employment contract as he was not happy with the terms, he subsequently signed
after five months of employment, upon being told that it was a standard
contract for all employees, irrespective of their responsibilities and
functions (see [10]). However, there is nothing in Buckman Laboratories that
indicates that the ex-employee accepted the contract involuntarily, outside of
the ex-employee’s initial reluctance in Buckman Laboratories. Nor does the
case indicate that an employee’s involuntary acceptance of the restriction was
in any way germane to the reasoning behind the dicta. Shopee also submitted
that the above dicta arose because of concerns that the injunctions there were
too wide, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE at p 9.

but again, there is nothing in the dicta that suggests that this was the
underlying concern when Prakash J was considering the adequacy of damages.

Balance of convenience

92 In assessing the balance of convenience, the court should take whichever
course appears to carry the lower risk of injustice if that course should
ultimately turn out to have been the “wrong” course: Maldives Airports Co Ltd
at [53]. In Buckman Laboratories, the court took into account at [33] the
relative strength of the parties’ case and the status quo. In this case, as
set out above, Shopee’s case is very weak. The status quo is that Lim has
already started work for ByteDance. This would be disturbed if the interim
injunction is granted. Given the serious doubts over the possibility of
Shopee’s eventual success, in my judgment, it would be in the interests of
justice not to disturb that status quo.

93 Hence, after consideration of the American Cyanamid test in full, I find
that even if there are serious questions to be tried in relation to the Non-
Competition Restriction, I would not have granted the interim injunction, on
the balance of convenience.

Conclusion

94 For the reasons above, I dismiss SUM 3619. Parties are to file written
submissions on costs, not exceeding five pages, within seven days of this
judgment, if they are unable to agree on costs.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Clarence Ding Si-Liang and Ariane Kea Tong (JWS Asia Law Corporation) for the
claimant;

Tham Wei Chern and Charis Wang (Fullerton Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 01 Feb 2024 (10:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

