Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the Republic of Singapore

[2024] SGCA 5

Civil Appeal No 17 of 2023

Between

| Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Prohibiting order]

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Quashing order]

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Declaration]

[Constitutional Law — Equal protection of the law]

[Constitutional Law — Attorney-General — Prosecutorial discretion]

[Constitutional Law — Judicial review]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2024] SGCA 5

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 17 of 2023  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JCA, Woo Bih Li JAD  
18 January 2024

1 March 2024

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant, Mr Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik (“Mr Patnaik”), brought this
appeal after his application for leave to commence judicial review in relation
to criminal proceedings commenced against him was dismissed (the “Appeal”). We
dismissed the Appeal on 18 January 2024 after hearing counsel for Mr Patnaik,
Mr Lim Tean, and gave our brief reasons for doing so.

2 The principal ground advanced by Mr Lim was that Mr Patnaik’s right to
equality had been violated in that, while he had been charged, others who had
been named in connection with the matters that were the subject of the charges
against Mr Patnaik had not been charged. Mr Lim also submitted that, on the
evidence, the charges against Mr Patnaik could not be established, and, on
this ground too, Mr Lim sought the cessation of the criminal proceedings
brought against Mr Patnaik. The Appeal presented us with the opportunity to
more closely consider how prosecutorial discretion that is afforded to the
Attorney‑General (the “AG”) under Art 35(8) of the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Constitution”) may be impacted or
constrained by the right to equality before the law under Art 12(1) of the
Constitution. We address this in greater detail in these grounds.

The material facts

3 Mr Patnaik faced criminal proceedings in SC-906994-2022 on charges of
corruption as the alleged bribe-giver in a private sector corruption scheme
between 2011 and 2016 (the “Corruption Scheme”). These charges included:

(a) five counts of corruptly giving gratification to one Harish Singhal (“Mr
Singhal”), these being offences under s 6(b) of the Prevention of Corruption
Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) read with s 124(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code
2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”); and

(b) one count of conspiring with Mr Singhal and three other individuals known
to Mr Singhal, namely “Gaurav Gupta”, “Dhiman Chodhaury” and “Sudhir Kumar
Jain” (collectively, “Mr Singhal’s Three Other Associates”) to disguise the
proceeds of Mr Singhal’s criminal conduct, an offence under s 47(l)(a) of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act 1992 (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (the “CDSA”), which was punishable
under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) and s 124(4) of the CPC.

These are collectively referred to as the “Charges”.

4 The Charges concerned Mr Patnaik’s alleged gift of kickbacks to Mr Singhal
in exchange for Mr Singhal securing awards of several ship handling and
management services contracts by MODEC Offshore Production Systems (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (“MOPS”) to Neptune Ship Management Pte Ltd (“Neptune”) at an inflated
price. At the material time, Mr Patnaik was a director and beneficial owner of
Neptune and Mr Singhal was a construction manager at MOPS.

5 The kickbacks were allegedly paid by Mr Patnaik, through Neptune, to Mr
Singhal. Mr Singhal received these moneys through companies controlled by him;
his colleague at MOPS, namely Mr Gopinath Kuppusamy (“Mr Kuppusamy”); and/or
Mr Singhal’s Three Other Associates. The said companies are identified in the
Charges as Staghorn Marine Services, Staghorn Marine Services Pvt Ltd and
Staghorn Marine Services Pte Ltd (“Staghorn Singapore”).

6 Charges were also brought against Mr Singhal and Mr Kuppusamy for their
roles in the Corruption Scheme.

7 Additional charges were also brought against Mr Singhal and Mr Kuppusamy for
their roles in a separate cheating scheme. This latter cheating scheme
involved a conspiracy to conceal Mr Singhal’s interest in Staghorn Singapore
from MOPS in order to induce MOPS to make payments to Staghorn Singapore.
These additional charges do not involve Mr Patnaik or Neptune. However, they
do mention one Mr Kuppusamy Parthiban (“Mr Parthiban”), who is Mr Kuppusamy’s
brother and a nominee director and shareholder of Staghorn Singapore at the
material time.

8 At the time of the hearing of the application, no charges had been brought
against Mr Parthiban and Mr Singhal’s Three Other Associates. Mr Singhal’s
Three Other Associates were based overseas and had been uncooperative with the
Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau.

Procedural history

9 On 10 February 2023, Mr Patnaik commenced HC/OA 122/2023 (the “Application”)
in the General Division of the High Court (the “GDHC”), seeking the following
orders, among others:

(a) permission to apply for a prohibiting order to prohibit the AG from
proceeding with the Charges (“Prayer (a)”);

(b) permission to apply for a quashing order to prohibit the AG from
proceeding with the Charges (“Prayer (b)”); and

(c) a declaration that the Charges are in breach of Art 35(8) of the
Constitution.

Mr Lim agreed with us at the hearing that in essence, Mr Patnaik was seeking
to bring the pending criminal proceedings against him to an end summarily.

10 Mr Patnaik’s case before the GDHC was that the Charges were in breach of
Arts 12(1) and 35(8) of the Constitution:

(a) the breach of Art 12(1) of the Constitution was said to have arisen from
the Public Prosecutor’s (the “PP”) selective investigation and prosecution of
Mr Patnaik, since other parties who had been involved in the Corruption
Scheme, including Mr Parthiban, had not been investigated or charged; and

(b) the Charges were purportedly in breach of Art 35(8) of the Constitution
because the PP had acted unlawfully and irrationally in singling out Mr
Patnaik based on assumptions and without an evidential foundation. According
to Mr Patnaik, the PP had assumed that a crime had been committed. The PP’s
decision to bring the Charges on this assumption, notwithstanding that the PP
had admitted to being unable to investigate Mr Singhal’s Three Associates, was
said to be unlawful.

11 The Application was dismissed by the GDHC for three main reasons.

12 First, Mr Patnaik had not shown that there was someone who was in a “like
situation” as he was in his capacity as a bribe-giver, but who had not been
charged or had otherwise been treated more favourably by the PP than Mr
Patnaik had been. This was said to be in breach of the requirements of Art
12(1) of the Constitution as set out in Xu Yuan Chen v Attorney-General [2022]
2 SLR 1131 (“Xu Yuan Chen”) at [1]; Attorney-General v Datchinamurthy a/l
Kataiah [2022] SGCA 46 (“Datchinamurthy”) at [29]–[30]; Syed Suhail bin Syed
Zin v Attorney-General [2021] 1 SLR 809 (“Syed Suhail”) at [61]–[62]; and
Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 (“Ridzuan”)
at [51]). The GDHC reached this conclusion for the following reasons:

(a) Staghorn Singapore and Mr Parthiban were intermediary parties between
Neptune and Mr Singhal in the alleged Corruption Scheme, and Mr Singhal’s
Three Other Associates were intermediaries with control of the companies to
which the kickbacks had been paid before these were eventually channelled to
Mr Singhal. This was not akin to Mr Patnaik’s position as the alleged giver of
the bribes.

(b) While Mr Patnaik pointed to a contract manager at MOPS (the “MOPS Contract
Manager”) who awarded the contracts but had not been investigated, he did not
provide any evidence of that person’s role or involvement in the Corruption
Scheme. Even if that person had been involved, there was no suggestion at all
that he or she was a bribe-giver as Mr Patnaik was alleged to be.

(c) Finally, Mr Patnaik pointed out that one Sudeep Shome (“Shome”), one of
the signatories from Neptune, had not been investigated. But the documents
adduced by Mr Patnaik did not show Shome’s involvement in the Corruption
Scheme and no explanation was advanced to show how Shome was in a like
situation as Mr Patnaik.

That being the case, there was found to be no prima facie case of a reasonable
suspicion that Art 12(1) of the Constitution had been breached. Consequently,
one of the three requirements necessary for the GDHC to grant permission to
commence judicial review proceedings, which is what Mr Patnaik, in effect,
sought in Prayers (a) and (b), was not met.

13 Second, Mr Patnaik did not establish a prima facie case of a reasonable
suspicion that the Charges were unlawful and/or irrational just because they
had not yet been proved beyond reasonable doubt at a preliminary stage of the
criminal proceedings. The PP was not obliged to adduce evidence sufficient to
establish the Charges beyond a reasonable doubt at the pre-trial stage of the
criminal proceedings, nor to disclose his reasons for making a particular
prosecutorial decision. Importantly, Mr Patnaik had not advanced any basis to
rebut the presumption that the AG’s prosecutorial decisions were
constitutional or lawful. Finally, Mr Patnaik did not identify any improper
purpose or motive that was allegedly harboured by the PP in bringing the
Charges.

14 Finally, Mr Patnaik’s case on the breach of Art 35(8) of the Constitution
was predicated on: (a) a breach of Art 12(1); and/or (b) the Charges having
been brought despite the absence of proof beyond reasonable doubt. Both
assertions were not made out in that as far as the first was concerned, there
was not even a reasonable suspicion of such a breach, and as far as the second
was concerned, this was ill-conceived. Mr Patnaik therefore failed to show
that the bringing of the Charges constituted an improper exercise by the PP of
his powers under Art 35(8) of the Constitution.

The parties’ cases on appeal

The appellant’s case

15 Mr Patnaik advanced three main arguments in this Appeal. First, there was
no evidence to show that he had been the sole bribe-giver in the Corruption
Scheme. This was relevant because Mr Patnaik’s main contention was that there
were others involved in the Corruption Scheme who were also bribe-givers and
who were similarly situated as he was. Indeed, his second argument was that
the “first suspects” of corruption should have been Staghorn Singapore, Mr
Parthiban and others in Staghorn Singapore instead, who, according to Mr
Patnaik, would be more culpable than he allegedly was. He submitted that it
was unfair and unlawful to place the entire blame on him and to protect these
other parties by refraining from charging them. Mr Patnaik also claimed that
there was a further breach of Art 35(8) because the MOPS Contract Manager had
not been investigated. Finally, Mr Patnaik again contended that there was no
evidence to warrant the charges being brought.

The respondent’s case

16 The AG submitted that the GDHC had reached the right conclusion and pointed
out that Mr Patnaik did not dispute the legal principles set out and adopted
by the GDHC concerning Art 12(1), advanced no allegation of any abuse of
power, and did not identify any alleged improper purpose.

Issues to be determined

17 The issues which Mr Patnaik placed before us were whether the GDHC had
erred in finding that:

(a) Mr Patnaik had been the only person identified as a bribe-giver in the
Corruption Scheme and that Arts 12(1) and 35(8) of the Constitution had not
been breached, because there was no question of any other party being
similarly situated as he was;

(b) the Application should be dismissed even though there was no evidence put
before the court at that stage to establish the Charges beyond a reasonable
doubt; and

(c) there had been no breach of Art 35(8) of the Constitution.

18 We had no difficulty rejecting all the grounds canvassed in the Appeal and
so dismissed it. We were also satisfied that any inquiry into the sufficiency
of the evidence at this stage would be wholly misconceived. We develop these
points below.

The GDHC did not err in finding that there was no prima facie case of a
reasonable suspicion that Art 12 of the Constitution had been breached

19 As we have noted above, Mr Lim accepted that the effect of his argument in
the Appeal was to put into issue the question of when, if at all, a party
facing criminal charges may seek the court’s intervention through civil
proceedings to stop the PP from proceeding with those charges. The resolution
of this issue called for the court to balance the constitutional offices of
the AG, in his capacity as the PP, on the one hand, and of the courts on the
other. To be sure, the prosecutorial power is a constitutional power with
legal limits (Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49
(“Ramalingam”) at [17] and [41]; Tan Seng Kee v Attorney-General and other
appeals [2022] 1 SLR 1347 at [101]). This case invited us to consider whether
those limits had been breached.

20 We have previously stated that prosecutorial decisions undertaken by the AG
in his capacity as the PP to initiate prosecution against an accused person
will be presumed to be lawful unless there is reason to think otherwise. This
is a consequence of the high constitutional office held by the AG and the co-
equal status of the prosecutorial power and the judicial power enshrined in
Art 35(8) and Art 93 of the Constitution respectively (Ramalingam at [43]–[46]
and [72]; Ridzuan at [36]; Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 1012
(“Quek Hock Lye”) at [29]). At the same time, this does not mean the PP’s
exercise of prosecutorial discretion is immune from challenge: the presumption
of lawfulness is not irrebuttable. Because the judicial power extends to the
resolution of controversies including those between the State or its agencies,
on the one hand, and its subjects on the other, it is the court that will
decide on any challenge against the exercise of prosecutorial power. The
balance between the seemingly competing pulls of co-equal constitutional
offices is struck, however, by requiring the PP to justify the exercise of his
prosecutorial discretion only where an appellant has raised a prima facie case
of a reasonable suspicion that Art 12(1) of the Constitution has been breached
(Nazeri bin Lajim v Attorney-General [2022] 2 SLR 964 (“Nazeri”) at [34];
Ridzuan at [36], [39]–[40]; see also Ramalingam at [77]).

21 In the context of Art 12, prosecutorial discretion may not be exercised
arbitrarily, for improper purposes or in bad faith, and the PP, must give
unbiased consideration to every case (Ramalingam at [51]; Lee Zheng Da Eddie v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2023] SGCA 36 at [81]). Art 12 requires
not that all persons be treated equally, but that all persons in like
situations are treated alike (Nazeri at [27], citing Public Prosecutor v Taw
Cheng Kong [1998] 2 SLR(R) 489 at [54] and Datchinamurthy at [29]; Syed Suhail
at [61]).

22 In considering an application for permission to commence judicial review
proceedings to challenge the PP’s exercise of prosecutorial discretion, the
Court of Appeal in Ridzuan set out the following observations, which we
considered helpful and applicable in the present case:

(a) it is often difficult and unrealistic to expect, and hence not necessary
for, the applicant to produce direct evidence of the grounds for judicial
review in such circumstances (at [40]–[41]);

(b) it will suffice for an applicant, in order to discharge their evidentiary
burden in the context of such an application for permission, to prove a prima
facie case of a reasonable suspicion that the PP’s power was exercised
arbitrarily (at [40] and [52]);

(c) the applicant may raise such a reasonable suspicion of the existence of
grounds of judicial review by showing that others in the same or virtually
identical situation were treated differently with no evident basis to justify
this (at [41] and [51]); and

(d) the applicant may in these circumstances rely on inferences that may be
drawn from the objective facts (at [43]).

23 It will be noted that the Court of Appeal highlighted the following
threshold requirement for an applicant to establish a reasonable suspicion of
the PP’s arbitrary decision making: the applicant must show that the parties,
whose cases he was comparing his with, are situated virtually identically with
him (Ridzuan at [52]; Ramalingam at [24] and [26]). This is so because the
different treatment of virtually identical cases is a springboard from which a
case or inference may be advanced that, where several offenders are involved
in the same criminal enterprise, the PP has unlawfully discriminated against
one offender as compared to one or more of the others (Ridzuan at [41] and
[43]). Furthermore, the fact that one individual faces prosecution while
another, who may have committed similar actions, does not face prosecution,
does not, without more, indicate a breach of Art 12 (Xu Yuan Chen at [27],
citing Daniel De Costa Augustin v Public Prosecutor [2020] 5 SLR 609 at [83]
and Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin and others v Attorney-General [2022] 4 SLR 934 at
[67]–[72]). The courts have recognised that the PP may take into account a
broad range of factors in assessing whether to bring charges. These include,
but are not limited to, whether there is sufficient evidence against the
offender and each of his co‑offenders (if any), their personal circumstances,
the willingness of one offender to testify against his co‑offenders and other
policy factors (Ramalingam at [52]; Nazeri at [29]). We would add that the
discretion would generally extend to when the PP chooses to bring charges
against any of the co-accused persons and in what sequence.

24 Hence, differentiation in the charges brought against different accused
persons at a given point in time does not, without more, raise an inference of
a breach of Art 12(1). Instead, in the absence of prima facie evidence to the
contrary, the inference would be that the Prosecution based its
differentiation on relevant considerations (Ramalingam at [70]–[71]; Nazeri at
[32]), and as we have noted, such evidence may be found in the inferences to
be drawn from virtually identical situations being treated differently without
any evident basis. We should add that such an inference will only be drawn
where on the material before the court it is the only logical one that is open
to it.

25 Three cases illustrate the application of these principles. First, the
Court of Appeal decided in Ramalingam that the appellant had failed to make
out a prima facie violation of Art 12(1) as he had not adduced any evidence to
rebut the presumption of constitutionality with regard to the PP’s decision to
prosecute the Applicant for capital offences rather than for non-capital
offences (Ramalingam at [73]). The court held that the appellant had failed to
show that a co-accused person who had been charged with trafficking in a
smaller amount of drugs than the appellant (Ramalingam at [3]–[6]), had in
fact been more culpable than the appellant (Ramalingam at [66]–[67] and [73]).

26 Next, in Nazeri, the Court of Appeal held that the appellant had not
discharged his evidential burden of producing prima facie evidence of a breach
of Art 12(1). This was because the fact that other offenders had also been
caught with drugs above the capital threshold did not mean that they were, in
law, equally situated with the appellant. The PP was entitled to consider a
range of other factors in each case (Nazeri at [31]).

27 Finally, in Quek Hock Lye, the Court of Appeal found there was no prima
facie breach of Art 12(1) arising from the PP preferring different charges
against two other parties to the same criminal conspiracy involving the
appellant. The exercise of prosecutorial discretion resulting in differential
treatment of two offenders involved in the same criminal enterprise was found
not to breach Art 12, as this was but a consequence of the broader
constitutionally-vested discretion in the PP in preferring charges against
accused persons (Quek Hock Lye at [24]). The appellant had not raised evidence
or arguments that could have justified the court reviewing the PP’s decision
to treat the appellant differently from one of the other parties to the
conspiracy (Quek Hock Lye at [25]).

28 In our judgment, Mr Patnaik’s case failed for the same reason. He was not
able to establish even a reasonable suspicion that he had been treated
differently in relation to others who were similarly situated as he was in
circumstances where there was a reasonable basis for thinking that this was
the result of an improper exercise of discretion in breach of Art 12.

29 Mr Patnaik’s case fell at the threshold because his argument that Mr
Parthiban occupied the same position as him was not correct. Mr Patnaik also
submitted that any payments made to Mr Singhal could only have been made by
“Staghorn”, so the “first suspects” of corruption and the more culpable
parties were Staghorn Singapore, Mr Parthiban and others in Staghorn
Singapore, not Mr Patnaik.

30 On reviewing the evidence, such as it was, it was clear that Mr Patnaik’s
case stemmed from an incorrect view of the allegations made against him. The
allegation against Mr Patnaik was that he had paid the bribes using Neptune, a
company he controlled, and these were directed to Mr Singhal through companies
controlled by Mr Singhal, Mr Kuppusamy or Mr Singhal’s Three Other Associates.
These intermediaries were not alleged to be bribe-givers, as was the case with
Mr Patnaik; rather, they were the conduits through whom the alleged primary
bribe-giver, Mr Patnaik, channeled the bribes to his intended recipient, Mr
Singhal. These others could be agents for receiving the bribes on behalf of Mr
Singhal or they could be conspiring with Mr Patnaik to convey the bribes to Mr
Singhal. But, most crucially, their alleged role was simply not the same as Mr
Patnaik’s. In particular, they were not alleged to be the bribe-givers. Even
if it was accepted that the bribes came through Staghorn Singapore, Mr Patnaik
did not explain why the bribes must have emanated from Staghorn Singapore.
Accordingly, Mr Patnaik’s submission that the “first suspects” should have
Staghorn Singapore, Mr Parthiban and others in Staghorn Singapore, and not
him, was incorrect. Mr Patnaik also did not adequately explain his statement
that Staghorn Singapore and Mr Parthiban were more culpable than him. He
appeared to argue that since they were “not unknowing” and there was a “grand
scheme for corruption”, they must be more culpable than him. However, he
provided no explanation or basis for these broad and sweeping assertions.

31 Further, Mr Patnaik’s assertion that Staghorn Singapore, Mr Parthiban and
other parties within Staghorn Singapore were also suspects and may have
committed some other offence did not mean that they occupied a like position
as him. The GDHC did not err in identifying the distinction between, on the
one hand, Mr Patnaik’s role as the alleged bribe-giver and, on the other hand,
the aforesaid other parties’ roles as alleged intermediary parties, as a key
distinguishing factor.

32 Mr Patnaik’s submission that he was being made to unfairly bear the “entire
blame” mischaracterised his situation. Mr Patnaik need only answer for the
Charges which relate to his role in the Corruption Scheme. Mr Patnaik also did
not explain how the guilt of any other parties was being imputed to him.

33 We also rejected Mr Patnaik’s argument that the alleged selective
prosecution of only some parties involved in the Corruption Scheme stood in
the way of finding the “truth” and assessing “culpability”. The non-
prosecution of certain parties did not mean that they were precluded from
participating in fact-finding processes, including at trial. Indeed, it was
also open to Mr Patnaik to call them as witnesses. Further, it was clearly
wrong to suggest that a prosecution should not or could not proceed against
only some of a group of co-conspirators; and even more so the case where
others in the group are not within this jurisdiction.

34 Finally, Mr Patnaik’s claim that the PP had been protecting Staghorn
Singapore and Mr Parthiban was made without any evidence, without advancing
any motive and without any ground for excluding other inferences, such as the
obvious one that they were not equally situated as Mr Patnaik.

35 We therefore rejected Mr Patnaik’s submission that the GDHC had erred in
finding that Art 12 of the Constitution had not been breached.

The GDHC did not err in finding that there was no prima facie case of a
reasonable suspicion that the Charges were unlawful and/or irrational

36 Mr Patnaik also contended that the Charges were irrational because they
were not grounded in evidence.

37 As we indicated in our oral remarks at the hearing, satellite litigation to
forestall the trial of a criminal charge is not well-received. The
discouragement of satellite litigation is evident in O 24 r 2(2) of the Rules
of Court 2021, which states that “[a]n application for a prerogative order
must not be made before the applicant has exhausted any right of appeal or
other remedy provided under any written law.” The obvious remedy which Mr
Patnaik should have sought and exhausted before bringing the Application was
the criminal trial. He could have, and, importantly, should have, raised his
objections arising from the alleged lack of evidence at the trial; he should
not have made the Application for prerogative orders in order to pre-empt and
indeed avoid entirely the criminal trial. Furthermore, this court has stated
in Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan
Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 that a
civil court will, in normal circumstances, be slow to grant a declaration
relating to the criminal consequences of a person’s conduct. This is because
such applications are likely to be dilatory in effect, fragment the criminal
proceedings and detract from the efficiency of the criminal process (at
[181]–[182]). This point was also made in Xu Yuanchen v Public Prosecutor and
another matter [2021] 4 SLR 719 in relation to appeals against interlocutory
orders, where the court noted that appeals against each and every
interlocutory ruling in the course of a trial would cause “impossible
difficulties for the expeditious conduct of the trial” (at [10]) (see also Sim
Chon Ang Jason v Public Prosecutor [2023] 4 SLR 934 at [20]–[25] and [29];
Amarjeet Singh v Public Prosecutor [2021] 4 SLR 841 at [33]; and, in the
context of civil trials, Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group Pte Ltd
[2013] 3 SLR 354 at [37]).

38 These concerns were certainly applicable here, because Mr Patnaik was
seeking orders from the court in its civil jurisdiction to restrain the PP
from prosecuting a criminal matter. One of Mr Patnaik’s main complaints – the
alleged lack of evidence to show that he was a bribe-giver in the Corruption
Scheme – was not admissible in the context of this Appeal because the
Application was not the right forum to raise concerns over the sufficiency of
the evidence. There was simply no obligation on, or even reason for, the
Prosecution to afford Mr Patnaik a preview of its case or its evidence in
order to overcome a pre-emptive attempt to prevent the prosecution of the
Charges. It was for the Prosecution to establish its case with the requisite
evidence at the criminal trial, and not be inveigled into producing it in
order to defeat Mr Patnaik’s Application. Both the GDHC in its decision and
the AG in his submissions correctly took this point, and Mr Patnaik did not
advance any ground for thinking that the GDHC had erred in this regard.

39 Indeed, any other view would be untenable. Could an applicant bring
repeated applications of this sort requiring the PP to produce the evidence at
a given stage of the trial or enable the Defence to bring an application such
as the present to stay the criminal proceedings? Assuming the PP failed to
adduce evidence that was sufficient to sustain a conviction at that stage of
the criminal proceedings or in seeking to defeat a stay application, but then
obtained further evidence, could he institute fresh proceedings? And could
these then be challenged again? And yet again? These questions need only to be
asked to demonstrate why this was an ill-conceived position.

The GDHC did not err in finding that Art 35(8) was not breached

40 Finally, Mr Patnaik submitted that there was a further breach of Art 35(8)
of the Constitution arising from the fact that the MOPS Contract Manager had
not been investigated.

41 This was a new argument raised in the Appeal. Before the GDHC, Mr Patnaik’s
case was that the absence of an investigation into Staghorn Singapore and MOPS
“contravene[s] the provisions [of] Article 12 (1) and by implication under
Article 35(8) [of the Constitution]” [emphasis added]. Consequently, the GDHC
reasoned that, since Art 12(1) had not been breached, therefore Art 35(8) too
had not been breached. Before us, Mr Patnaik contended that the failure to
investigate the MOPS Contract Manager was in itself a breach of Art 35(8),
independent of any question of whether this was also a breach of Art 12(1). At
the outset, we observe that it was not open to Mr Patnaik to raise a new
argument in the Appeal since it deprived the AG of an opportunity to respond
(Ng Bok Eng Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Wong Ser Wan [2005] 4 SLR(R) 561 at
[35]) and it deprived the Court of Appeal of the benefit of the decision and
reasoning of the first instance court on the point (Sunbreeze Group
Investments Ltd and others v Sim Chye Hock Ron [2018] 2 SLR 1242 at
[27]–[28]).

42 Even setting this aside however, there was nothing before us to explain
what the role of the MOPS Contract Manager was, nor how this related to the
issues before us. This too, therefore, was a hopeless point.

Conclusion

43 We therefore dismissed Mr Patnaik’s appeal. We also fixed costs at $20,000,
inclusive of disbursements.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the appellant; and

Gan Yingtian Andrea and Tay Jia Yi Pesdy (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

1 March 2024

Case summary

Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik v AG [2024] SGCA 5

  

Civil Appeal No 17 of 2023

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon):

Outcome: The Court of Appeal affirmed the lower court’s decision to refuse
leave to commence judicial review of a purported instance of selective
prosecution for corruption.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• Prosecutorial decisions undertaken by the Attorney-General (the “AG”), in
his role as the Public Prosecutor (“PP”), to initiate prosecution against an
accused person will be presumed to be lawful, owing to the high constitutional
office held by the AG and co-equal constitutional offices of the AG and the
courts. The PP is required to justify his decisions only where a prima facie
case of a reasonable suspicion that Art 12(1) of the Constitution has been
breached has been made out: at [20].

• Article 12 of the Constitution does not require that all persons be treated
equally but requires instead that all persons in like situations are treated
alike. In order for an applicant to establish a reasonable suspicion of the
PP’s arbitrary decision making in breach of Art 12, he must show that the
parties whose cases he is comparing his own with are situated virtually
identically with him: at [21] and [23].

• Objections regarding alleged lack of evidence in support of criminal charges
should be raised at a criminal trial, and not by way of civil applications to
pre-empt and avoid the criminal trial. This is to avoid delay, fragmentation
and inefficiency in criminal proceedings caused by such satellite litigation.
There is also no obligation on or reason for the PP to give a preview of its
case or its evidence at a preliminary stage, in order to overcome a pre-
emptive attempt to prevent the prosecution of criminal charges: at [37] and
[38].

Background to the appeal

1 This was an appeal against a decision of the General Division of the High
Court (the “GDHC”) refusing leave to commence judicial review.

2 Mr Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik (“Mr Patnaik”) faces criminal proceedings in
SC-906994-2022 on charges of corruption (the “Charges”) as an alleged bribe-
giver in a private sector corruption scheme between 2011 and 2016.

3 On 10 February 2023, Mr Patnaik commenced HC/OA 122/2023 in the GDHC seeking
the following orders, among others:

a. permission to apply for a prohibiting order to prohibit the AG from
proceeding with the Charges;

b. permission to apply for a quashing order to prohibit the AG from proceeding
with the Charges; and

c. a declaration that the Charges are in breach of Art 35(8) of the
Constitution.

4 HC/OA 122/2023 was dismissed by the GDHC. Mr Patnaik appealed this decision.

Facts

5 The Charges concerned Mr Patnaik’s alleged gift of kickbacks to Mr Harish
Singhal (“Mr Singhal”) in exchange for Mr Singhal securing awards of several
ship handling and management services contracts by MODEC Offshore Production
Systems (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“MOPS”) to Neptune Ship Management Pte Ltd
(“Neptune”) at an inflated price. Mr Patnaik was a director and beneficial
owner of Neptune.

6 The kickbacks were allegedly paid by Mr Patnaik, through Neptune, to Mr
Singhal. Mr Singhal received these moneys through companies controlled by him;
his colleague at MOPS, namely, Mr Gopinath Kuppusamy (“Mr Kuppusamy”); and/or
three other individuals known to Mr Singhal, namely “Gaurav Gupta”, “Dhiman
Chodhaury” and “Sudhir Kumar Jain” (collectively, “Mr Singhal’s Three Other
Associates”). The said companies are identified in the Charges as Staghorn
Marine Services, Staghorn Marine Services Pvt Ltd and Staghorn Marine Services
Pte Ltd (“Staghorn Singapore”)

7 Additional charges were also brought against Mr Singhal and Mr Kuppusamy for
their roles in a separate cheating scheme. This latter cheating scheme
involved a conspiracy to conceal Mr Singhal’s interest in Staghorn Singapore
from MOPS in order to induce MOPS to make payments to Staghorn Singapore.
These additional charges do not involve Mr Patnaik or Neptune. However, they
do mention one Mr Kuppusamy Parthiban (“Mr Parthiban”), who is Mr Kuppusamy’s
brother and a nominee director and shareholder of Staghorn Singapore at the
material time.

8 At the time of the hearing of the application, no charges had been brought
against Mr Parthiban and Mr Singhal’s Three Other Associates. Mr Singhal’s
Three Other Associates were based overseas and had been uncooperative with the
Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau.

Decision on appeal

9 The court found that the GDHC did not err in dismissing HC/OA 122/2023: at
[18].

10 Prosecutorial decisions undertaken by the AG, in his role as the PP, to
initiate prosecution against an accused person will be presumed to be lawful,
owing to the high constitutional office held by the AG and co-equal
constitutional offices of the AG and the courts. The PP is required to justify
the exercise of his prosecutorial discretion only where a prima facie case of
a reasonable suspicion that Art 12(1) of the Constitution has been breached
has been made out: at [20].

11 Article 12 of the Constitution does not require that all persons be treated
equally but requires instead that all persons in like situations are treated
alike. In order for an applicant to establish a reasonable suspicion of the
PP’s arbitrary decision making in breach of Art 12, he must show that the
parties whose cases he is comparing his own with are situated virtually
identically with him. The rationale for this is that it may be inferred from
different treatment of virtually identical cases that the PP has unlawfully
discriminated against one offender in a criminal enterprise as compared to one
or more of the other offenders involved in the same criminal enterprise. Such
an inference would only be drawn where it is the only logical inference open
to the court on the evidence before it. Consequently, a difference in criminal
charges brought against different accused persons at a given point in time
does not, without more, raise an inference of a breach of Art 12(1): at [21],
[23] and [24].

12 Mr Patnaik did not establish even a reasonable suspicion that he had been
treated differently in relation to others who were similarly situated as he
was in circumstances which give rise to a reasonable inference this was due to
an improper exercise of discretion in breach of Art 12: at [28].

13 The other parties raised by Mr Patnaik – Staghorn Singapore, Mr Parthiban
and others in Staghorn Singapore – were not alleged to be bribe-givers, but
rather conduits through whom the alleged bribe-giver, Mr Patnaik, channeled
the bribes to his intended recipient, Mr Singhal. Further, even if bribes came
through Staghorn Singapore, Mr Patnaik did not explain why the bribes must
have emanated from Staghorn Singapore. These other parties identified by Mr
Patnaik therefore were not similarly situated as Mr Patnaik: at [30].

14 Mr Patnaik’s assertion that Staghorn Singapore, Mr Parthiban and other
parties within Staghorn Singapore were also suspects and may have committed
some other offence did not mean that they occupied a like position as him: at
[31].

15 Mr Patnaik’s related assertion that he was made to bear the entire blame
was rejected as he did not explain how the guilt of any other parties was
being imputed to him. His argument that the alleged selective prosecution
stood in the way of finding out the truth was also rejected, as the non-
prosecution of certain parties did not mean that they were precluded from
participating in fact-finding processes, and it was not necessary for a
prosecution to proceed against all co-conspirators, particularly where some of
them were outside of this jurisdiction: at [32] and [33].

16 Mr Patnaik’s allegation that the PP had been protecting Staghorn Singapore
and Mr Parthiban was made without any evidence and without advancing any
motive for the said protection. Mr Patnaik also did not explain his exclusion
of other inferences, in particular, the obvious inference that these other
parties were not equally situated as Mr Patnaik: at [34].

17 For the foregoing reasons the court rejected Mr Patnaik’s principal
argument that his right to equality had been violated simply because, while he
had been charged, others who had been named in connection with the matters
that were the subject of the charges against him had not been charged: at
[35].

18 Mr Patnaik sought the court’s intervention through civil proceedings to
stop the AG, in his capacity as the PP, from proceeding with the Charges,
because, among other reasons, the Charges were not grounded in evidence.
However, Mr Patnaik should have raised these objections regarding the alleged
lack of evidence in support of the Charges at the criminal trial, and he
should not have made an application for prerogative orders in order to pre-
empt and avoid the criminal trial. This is to avoid delay, fragmentation and
inefficiency in the criminal proceedings. There was also no obligation on or
reason for the PP to give Mr Patnaik a preview of its case or its evidence at
this preliminary stage, in order to overcome a pre-emptive attempt to prevent
the prosecution of the Charges: at [2], [37] and [38].

19 Mr Patnaik’s argument that there was a further breach of Art 35(8) of the
Constitution arising from the fact that a contract manager at MOPS (the “MOPS
Contract Manager”) who awarded the contracts had not been investigated failed
because it was a new argument raised only in this appeal, which deprived the
AG of an opportunity to respond and the Court of Appeal of the benefit of the
GDHC’s decision and reasoning. His case before the GDHC was that the alleged
breach of Art 35(8) was occasioned by the breach of Art 12(1) of the
Constitution. It was not open to him to argue, on appeal, that the failure to
investigate the MOPS Contract Manager was in itself (ie, independent of any
breach of Art 12(1)) a breach of Art 35(8). In addition, Mr Patnaik did not
explain the role or relevance of the MOPS Contract Manager: at [41] and [42].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Mar 2024 (12:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

