Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 51

Companies Winding Up No 265 of 2023

In the matter of section 125(1)(a) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)

And

In the matter of Fusionex Pte Ltd

And

| Fusionex Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Non-party

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Grounds for petition]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Fusionex Pte Ltd (Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd, non-party)

[2024] SGHC 51

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up No 265 of 2023  
Wong Li Kok, Alex JC  
12, 19, 26 January 2024

27 February 2024

Wong Li Kok, Alex JC:

Introduction

1 HC/CWU 265/2023 was an application under s 125(1)(a) of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”) to wind up
Fusionex Pte. Ltd. (the “Company”). This provision is rarely invoked as a
ground for winding up, and there are no reported cases in Singapore of a
winding up being allowed on this ground. The present application raised the
issue as to the applicable principles governing the court’s discretion under
this ground. Taking guidance from persuasive foreign authorities, I decided to
allow the application.

Background facts

2 The Company was a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of
information technology consultancy and development of software and
applications. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st affidavit of Hiroyuki Kumazaki dated 20 December 2023 (“1HK”) at paras 4
and 5.

It was wholly owned by a Malaysian-incorporated company, Fusionex Corp. Sdn.
Bhd. (the “Sole Shareholder”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1HK at para 6.

Both the Company and the Sole Shareholder were in turn indirect subsidiaries
of FusioTech Holdings Sdn. Bhd. (the “Holding Company”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2nd affidavit of Hiroyuki Kumazaki dated 24 January 2024 (“2HK”) at para 8.

The Company, the Sole Shareholder and the Holding Company were all part of the
Fusionex group of companies (the “Fusionex Group”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2HK at para 11.

3 The day-to-day operations of the Fusionex Group were managed by the
management team of the Holding Company (the “Management”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2HK at paras 14 and 15.

The entire Management abruptly resigned between 4 December 2023 and 6 December
2023. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2HK at paras 29 and 30.

Following the resignation, Mr Hiroyuki Kumazaki (“Mr Kumazaki”) was appointed
as the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Fusionex Group on 6 December
2023 to look after the affairs of the group. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2HK at para 32.

4 Despite repeated requests by the current management of the Fusionex Group
(including Mr Kumazaki), the Management refused to effect a proper handover.
For instance: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2HK at para 34.

(a) The Management removed the financial records and management accounts of
the Fusionex Group (save for a balance sheet and consolidated statement of
financial position as of 30 September 2023).

(b) There were no proper records of the Fusionex Group’s contracts, customers,
suppliers or management accounts.

(c) The Management refused to disclose the list of employees of the Fusionex
Group.

(d) The Management refused to grant the current management access to the
Company’s IT server in the Holding Company’s office premises.

5 The Company relied almost entirely on the Holding Company and other members
of the Fusionex Group on finances, accounting and IT matters. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2HK at para 34(6).

As such, any information relating to the Company remains sparse at best. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2HK at para 34(6).

Counsel for the Company submitted that Ms Lee Shwu Fang (“Ms Lee”), currently
listed as the sole director of the Company, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1HK at p 9.

was not an executive director and also lacked knowledge on the Company’s state
of affairs.

6 In light of the above, on 20 December 2023, the Sole Shareholder passed a
special resolution for the Company to be wound up by this court. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1HK at para 7.

Summary of the Company’s case

7 Mr Kumazaki, on behalf of the Company, averred that the Sole Shareholder had
the requisite standing under the IRDA to pass a valid special resolution to
have the Company wound up by the court. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2HK at para 48.

There was nothing impeding this court from making a winding-up order. In fact,
because the mass resignation had “cripple[d] the entire Fusionex Group
(including the Company)”, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2HK at para 39.

winding up was the most desirable option. Mr Kumazaki added that the Company
was unable to pursue a members’ voluntary winding up because there was
insufficient information to make a declaration of solvency. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2HK at para 43.

The Company was also unable to convene a creditors’ meeting for the purposes
of a creditors’ voluntary winding up, as the current management had little or
no information on the Company’s list of creditors. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2HK at para 43.

Hence, the Company had no choice but to seek the court’s assistance to be
wound up.

Decision

Mr Kumazaki was authorised to make the supporting affidavit

8 As a preliminary point, an affidavit supporting a winding-up application
made by a corporation must be deposed to by “a director, secretary or other
principal officer of the corporation” (r 67(2)(a) of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution (Corporate Insolvency and Restructuring) Rules
2020). In ordinary circumstances, a director is the one who makes the
supporting affidavit. However, as Ms Lee was a non-executive director without
any knowledge of the Company’s affairs, Mr Kumazaki was the most suitable
personnel to make the affidavit. In that regard, there was a valid written
resolution, dated 6 December 2023, through which the Holding Company’s
directors had appointed Mr Kumazaki as the CEO of the Holding Company and its
subsidiaries (including the Company). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2HK at p 217.

I was satisfied that Mr Kumazaki had the requisite authority to make an
affidavit in support of this winding-up application.

The Sole Shareholder had locus standi to bring the winding-up application

9 Another preliminary issue was the locus standi of the Sole Shareholder to
bring the winding-up application. Under s 124(1)(d) of the IRDA, a
contributory has a standing to bring such an application. It was a non-issue
that the Sole Shareholder was a contributory. However, s 124(2)(b) of the IRDA
sets out further requirements where a contributory brings a winding-up
application based on s 125(1)(a) of the IRDA (as in the present case):

…

(b) a person mentioned in subsection (1)(d) [ie, s 124(1)(d)] may not make a
winding up application on any of the grounds specified in section 125(1)(a) …
unless —

…

(ii) the shares in respect of which the contributory was a contributory, or
some of those shares —

(A) were originally allotted to the contributory;

(B) have been held by the contributory and registered in the contributory’s
name for at least 6 months during the 18 months before the making of the
winding up application; or

(C) have devolved on the contributory through the death or bankruptcy of a
former holder;

…

10 At the hearing on 19 January 2024, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority (“ACRA”) profile exhibited in Mr Kumazaki’s first affidavit was
insufficient to establish s 124(2)(b) of the IRDA. The ACRA profile did not
show whether the Sole Shareholder was the original shareholder of the Company
or held its shares for at least six of the last 18 months prior to the making
of this application. Consequently, I directed the Company to file a further
affidavit to demonstrate that s 124(2)(b) of the IRDA was fulfilled.

11 In Mr Kumazaki’s second affidavit, the Company exhibited a copy of the
Register of Members retrieved from ACRA. This showed that the Sole Shareholder
had held all the shares in the Company since 3 February 2020. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2HK at pp 315-320.

Since the application was made on 20 December 2023, I was satisfied that the
Company’s shares “have been held by the [Sole Shareholder] … for at least 6
months during the 18 months before the making of the winding up application”
(s 124(2)(b)(ii) IRDA).

The ground for winding up under s 125(1)(a) IRDA was satisfied

The legal principles

12 Under s 125(1)(a) of the IRDA, the court may order a company to be wound up
if “the company has by special resolution resolved that it be wound up by the
[High] Court”. As noted in Walter Woon, Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter Woon
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2022) at para 557, it is “unusual” to invoke this ground,
as a special resolution is usually the basis for a members’ voluntary winding
up. There is no reported local decision that sets out the legal principles
governing the application of this provision.

13 In Chong Kok Ming and another v Richinn Technology Pte Ltd and others
[2020] SGHC 224 (“Richinn”), a winding-up application was brought under s
254(1)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) which is the predecessor
provision of s 125(1)(a) of the IRDA. However, the facts of Richinn did not
require an in-depth analysis of this provision. The winding-up application was
dismissed because, amongst others, what the company contemplated was a
members’ voluntary winding up – there was “no special resolution by the
members that the company would be wound up by the Court” [emphasis in
original] (Richinn at [75]).

14 Given the lack of local case law and commentary on this provision, I turn
to Australian authorities for guidance. Section 461(1)(a) of Australia’s
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the “Australian Corp Act”) is in pari materia
with s 125(1)(a) of the IRDA, with the latter adopting the same phrasing as
the former. Like the present application, s 461(1)(a) of the Australian Corp
Act was most frequently invoked by a sole shareholder. An example is Hillig as
Administrator of Darkinjung Local Aboriginal Land Council v Darkinjung Pty Ltd
[2006] NSWSC 1371 (“Hillig”), which is the leading authority on this
provision. After perusing the cases under s 461(1)(a) of the Australian Corp
Act and its foreign equivalents, Barrett J laid down the following principles
(Hillig at [35]–[36]):

[35] … First, the body of shareholders has a statutory right to decide that
their company should be wound up by the court, being a right exercisable by
whatever procedures are sufficient, in the particular circumstances, to cause
a special resolution to be passed. Second, the court has discretion whether or
not to make a winding up order (being the discretion created by the word “may”
at the start of s 461(1)) but the discretion should not be exercised against
the making of the order unless the shareholders’ decision, or some aspect of
the surrounding circumstances, involves something unconscionable or
inequitable (or some special consideration adversely affecting creditors
indicates that there should be no winding up). Third, the availability to the
shareholders of the alternative of initiating voluntary winding up by special
resolution does not represent any reason for declining to make a winding up
order. This last point is really no more than an aspect of statutory
interpretation: if there had been some intention that the voluntary winding up
mechanism should have primacy, s 461(1)(a) would not form part of the Act.

[36] I am of the view that … [the sole member]’s reasons for preferring
winding up by the court to voluntary winding up do not appear to me to be
something into which I need inquire. …

[emphasis added]

15 Applying these principles, Barrett J held that the sole member had the
standing to apply for a winding-up order, and in the absence of any
unconscionable or inequitable element, the ground for winding up was
established (Hillig at [36]). Further, there was no indication that winding up
would be inconsistent with the creditors’ interests (Hillig at [37]).
Following Hillig, Australian courts have generally ordered a winding up where
the procedural requirements (eg, the validity of the special resolution) are
met. For instance, a winding-up order was made in MFS Alternative Assets (in
liquidation) v Angstrom Assets Pty Ltd [2012] NSWSC 447 (“MFS”), as the sole
shareholder’s winding-up application satisfied the formalities (at [5]), and
there were no inequitable circumstances suggesting that an order should not be
made (at [4] citing Hillig).

16 An example of unconscionable circumstances can be found in Re Fernlake Pty
Ltd (1994) 13 ACSR 600 (“Re Fernlake”) (cited in Hillig), where the court
exercised its discretion to refuse a winding-up order. There, the shareholders
contracted to sell some of their shares to another buyer, such that those
shares were held on trust for the buyer. Subsequently, without the buyer’s
knowledge or consent, the shareholders proceeded to pass a special resolution
for the company to be wound up by the court. The Supreme Court of Queensland
noted that there were no technical irregularities surrounding the passing of
the special resolution (Re Fernlake at 607). Nevertheless, it was “clearly
inequitable … to give effect to a resolution passed wholly [and knowingly] in
breach of the trusts by which each shareholder was bound” (Re Fernlake at
607).

17 Australian authorities have also identified factors in favour of the court
making a winding-up order under s 461(1)(a) of the Australian Corp Act. One
such factor is the lack of objection by the affected parties, such as the
company itself and its creditors (see MFS at [4] and Griffin Energy Group Pty
Ltd v Griffin Windfarm Holdings Pty Ltd, Re Griffin Energy Group Pty Ltd
(subject to Deed of Co Arrangement) [2012] FCA 197 (“Griffin”) at [18]).

18 Another relevant factor is the lack of a functional board. In Griffin, all
the directors were purportedly removed, making it appropriate for the
company’s affairs to be placed in the hands of a provisional liquidator (at
[20]). Of particular relevance to the present case is Kala Capital Pty Limited
[2011] NSWSC 1253 (“Kala”). In making the winding-up order, Barrett J
considered that the sole shareholder-director could not discharge her duties
as a company’s director satisfactorily, as the ex-director had refused to hand
over any books or financial records in his possession or control (Kala at
[12]–[13]). This rendered her unable to ascertain the company’s condition,
including its tax responsibilities and financial state (Kala at [12]). Barrett
J also considered that the sole shareholder-director was predominantly based
overseas, which ran afoul of the statutory requirement for a sole director to
be ordinarily resident in Australia, further indicating instability in the
company’s administration (Kala at [14]). Finally, in CIC Insurance Ltd v
Hannan & Co Pty Ltd (2001) 38 ACSR 245, the directors had resigned, and its
sole shareholder was unable to find individuals willing to act as new
directors (at [9]). As observed in Hillig, the absence of all internal
machinery militated against the possibility of convening a creditors’ meeting
for voluntary winding up (at [33]). This made it necessary to rely on the
court’s power to wind up the company.

The case to allow the winding up has been made out

19 I agree with the principles set out in Hillig. There is a limited
discretion to withhold winding up under s 125(1)(a) of the IRDA. Unlike in a
members’ voluntary winding up, other than as set out in this paragraph below,
it is not for the court to question the shareholder(s)’s decision to pursue a
compulsory winding up by the court over a voluntary winding up. If a special
resolution has been validly passed, then the court should generally allow the
winding-up application, subject to two considerations – the interests of the
creditors and the presence of bad faith or other untoward circumstances (as
per Hillig). With respect to creditors, relevant issues to consider would
include any explicit objections from them, the list and scope of creditors (if
available), and whether the winding up was aimed at undermining the creditors’
rights and would put the creditors in a worse position than if the company
continued as a going concern. With respect to untoward circumstances, a
company seeking to be wound up should be transparent and explain the
circumstances behind the winding-up application. This would allow the court to
properly understand the basis on which it is asked to exercise its discretion.
Whilst the lack of transparency on its own should not be fatal to any
application, in most circumstances, a proper explanation will help to dispel
any concerns of such untoward circumstances.

20 On the facts, there is no issue that a valid special resolution was passed
by the Sole Shareholder for the Company to be wound up by this court. As to
the creditors, I note that the Company was unable to list its creditors in Mr
Kumazaki’s affidavits because the current management had no access to any
accounting and financial records. However, I considered that none of the
creditors had raised any objections since the advertisement of the winding-up
application on 2 January 2024. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2HK at para 47.

The only party which attended the hearings (after having read the
advertisement) was Resorts World at Sentosa Pte. Ltd., a contractual
counterparty and potential claimant of the Company. It took no position on the
winding up.

21 Further, nothing on the facts suggested any unconscionable or inequitable
circumstances which justified withholding a winding-up order. During the
hearing on 19 January 2024, I expressed my concern that Mr Kumazaki’s first
affidavit failed to disclose sufficient background information relating to the
making of this winding-up application. The full and frank disclosure of the
circumstances set out in Mr Kumazaki’s second affidavit (see [3]–[6] above)
armed me with sufficient information to grant the application.

22 In fact, I found that it was desirable to order a winding up. Similar to
Kala, the mass resignation of the Company has made it difficult for the
current management to conduct the Company’s affairs properly. Considering the
lack of information on the Company, I agreed with Mr Kumazaki that there was a
risk of insolvent trading, which would not be in the creditors’ best
interests. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2HK at para 44.

As in Griffin, the Company should be wound up, so that its affairs can be
administered by the liquidators and under the court’s supervision.

Conclusion

23 For the above reasons, I ordered the Company to be wound up by the court
under s 125(1)(a) of the IRDA.

Wong Li Kok, Alex  
Judicial Commissioner  
---  
  
Fong Shi-Ting Fay (Allen & Gledhill LLP) (instructed), Chia Chi Chong, Goh
Qiqing (Mori Hamada & Matsumoto (Singapore) LLP) for the claimant;

Lim Min (K&L Gates Stratis Law) for the non-party (watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Feb 2024 (12:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

