Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 9

District Court Appeal No 51 of 2023

Between

WPV

… Appellant

And

WPW

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WPV

  
v

  

WPW

[2024] SGHCF 9

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 51 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
29 January 2024

5 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Husband is 51 years old, earning $13,426 a month as a senior manager.
The Wife is 45 years old and is a senior manager at a surgical department of a
hospital. They married on 21 September 2000 and have three children, two
daughters aged 17 and 14 respectively, and a son aged 12. The interim judgment
was granted on 1 September 2021 and the ancillary matters were heard on 11
November 2022. The District Judge (“DJ”) divided the matrimonial assets
amounting to $1,582,828.07 in the ratio of 57.45: 42.55 in favour of the
Husband. These are not disputed. The DJ ordered the cash proceeds from the
sale of the matrimonial property be divided in that ratio after payment of the
parties’ respective Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions. The
appellant says that the sale proceeds should be divided before the CPF
contributions have been refunded. There is no other issue in this appeal.

2 Mr Tan Yong Quan for the appellant submitted that it did not occur to the DJ
that the ratio before the CPF refunds cannot possibly be the same ratio after
CPF refunds. I would not say that this was a point lost on the learned judge.
It is a fact that is obvious to all judges and lawyers, and because of it,
judges and lawyers are constantly troubled by how to deal with it.

3 The basic principle in dividing the matrimonial assets, which for
simplicity’s sake, we take the matrimonial home as the only asset for
division, as in the case here, is that all actual financial contributions are
taken into account and divided according to the ratio of the respective
contributions. So, for a matrimonial flat valued at $100,000 (just for ease of
calculation) and paid for entirely by using the husband’s CPF, the ratio will
be 100:0 in favour of the husband.

4 But the courts have long recognised that a wife who does not contribute
financially towards the acquisition of matrimonial assets is not entitled to
nothing because her contributions to making the house a home has a value. That
value depends on myriad and diverse factors such as cooking for the family,
cleaning the house, and looking after the children. It also varies according
to such factors as the length of the marriage, and possibly, the number of
children.

5 If the court determines that that non-financial contribution of the wife
should be 30% in value, then the ratio of their shares in the flat or its
proceeds will be 70:30. If the proceeds of the sale, say, at $100,000, are
divided before the CPF refunds are made, the husband receives $70,000 in cash
and the wife, $30,000. In this situation the husband still has to make a full
refund to his CPF, namely $100,000. He has to find $30,000 from elsewhere to
complete the refund. But the wife does not leave the marriage without money —
she will have $30,000. For convenience of calculations, we will assume that
there has been no previous refund to the husband’s CPF. If the husband has to
refund his CPF before the division of the proceeds then he need not look
elsewhere for cash, but the wife will get no money from the sale proceeds.

6 Taking a different situation in which, the above facts remain the same, but
the husband also has $100,000 in cash, then the overall matrimonial assets
(flat and cash) will be $200,000. In this situation, even after repaying the
husband’s CPF, there is still money left for the wife to claim her non-
financial contributions to the marriage.

7 Mr Tan raised various arguments as to why the proceeds should be divided
after the CPF contributions are refunded, and end by relying on my decision in
WBI v WBJ [2022] SGHCF 22 at [9] – [10]. There, I held as follows:

I agree with the DJ’s approach in ordering the CPF refunds to be made from the
gross sales proceeds, before apportioning the sales proceeds between the
parties. With respect, the reasoning in Tay Sin Tor is flawed. The court in
Tay Sin Tor correctly held that CPF sums are “not loans” but “assets of the
parties”, but it then contradicted itself by likening CPF sums to personal
loans, which are not required to be repaid before division. I respectfully
disagree with Tay Sin Tor that the liability to repay CPF sums used for the
continuing payment of a matrimonial home is a “personal obligation”. That
description has no helpful meaning in determining whether CPF contributions
ought to be paid before or after distribution of the gross proceeds of sale.
When CPF monies have been used to buy the matrimonial home, they are used for
the benefit of the family and are obligations undertaken for the joint benefit
of the marriage. They are part of the matrimonial assets and should not be
treated as a class separate from other deductions.

It seems to me that Tay Sin Tor is the only case attempting to explain why CPF
proceeds should be paid after the proceeds of sale of the property have been
divided, meaning, each party repays his or her CPF money from his or her own
share of the proceeds. The courts have not been consistent in determining when
CPF refunds are to be refunded before and when after the division of the sale
proceeds. I have also on some occasions allowed CPF refunds to be paid from
the parties’ share of the sale proceeds, without elaboration, probably because
parties had not questioned the reasoning in Tay Sin Tor. I am now of the view
that it is not desirable to have an arbitrary choice between dividing the
proceeds of sale before or after repayment of CPF monies. To have that choice
immediately raises the question, “Under what circumstances should a court
order repayment of CPF monies before division of the sales proceeds, and when
to pay after division?” No rational reason can be found to differentiate the
two options. For the reasons above, I am of the view that repayment of CPF
monies should always be paid before division of sale proceeds.

8 Mr Yong, counsel for the Wife, relies on CVC v CVB [2023] SGHC(A) 28, at
[107]. That passage reads as follows:

In so far as WBI stands for the proposition that the “repayment of CPF monies
should always be paid before [the] division of sale proceeds” (at [10]), we
are of the view, with respect, that this is incorrect. Repayment of CPF moneys
may be made (1) before dividing the sale proceeds, or (2) after dividing the
proceeds and payments are made from each party’s share of the proceeds. In the
latter situation, if the divided proceeds are insufficient for the repayment
amounts, that party may have to use other assets or moneys to make up the
difference. It would not be useful, nor principled, to limit the discretion of
the court to either approach. Ultimately, whichever approach is taken, the
result in substance should be that the total value of the share received by
each party must reflect the final division ratios ordered.

9 The problems that I alluded to in WBI remain, and may well be intractable
because the law requires the apportionment of matrimonial assets by way of a
formula combining an ascertainable fixed portion (financial contributions)
with an uncountable portion (non-financial contributions), and that
uncountable portion has no sure and error-free way of ascertaining.
Consistency sometimes has to cede its crown to flexibility. Determining the
non-financial contributions will always involve some elements of
arbitrariness, hence WBI had hoped to reduce some malleable parts, but,
perhaps, when justice cannot be counted, it has to be felt.

10 In the present appeal, the ratios are not disputed. Neither are the
figures. Given the total value of $1,582,828.07, the dispute over whether the
CPF should be refunded before (as the appellant claims) or after as the DJ
ordered, is over $68,325.98, a mere 4% difference. I am of the view that the
DJ had calculated the ratio and made the orders on division such that either
way, the difference still reflects the final ratio ordered. For this reason,
the appeal is dismissed.

11 Each party is to bear its own costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Tan Yong Quan (SC Wong Law Chambers LLC) for the appellant;  
Nicholas Yong Yoong Han and Andrew Wong Wei Kiat (Fortis Law Corporation) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 06 Feb 2024 (09:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

