Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 52

Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 3 of 2024

In the Matter of Section 328 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Eng Lee Ling  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 20 of 2024

In the Matter of Section 328 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Dong Yu  
---  
  
… Applicant

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy]

[Insolvency Law — Avoidance of transactions — Dispositions of property after
commencement of insolvency proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Eng Lee Ling and another matter

[2024] SGHC 52

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 3 of
2024 and Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 20 of 2024  
Aedit Abdullah J  
22 February 2024

26 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 HC/OSB 3/2024 (“OSB 3”) and HC/OSB 20/2024 (“OSB 20”) are applications by a
husband-and-wife duo, both of whom have had bankruptcy applications taken out
against them, and which remain on foot at the time of these applications. In
these applications, the applicants seek the consent of the court to proceed
with the intended sale of a property that is jointly owned by them (“the
Property”), so that the proceeds may be applied to the discharge of the debts
owed to the creditors who have petitioned for their bankruptcies.

2 This decision is published to record that the court has confirmed that it
has the jurisdiction under s 328 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”) to consent to a proposed
disposition of property by a debtor prior to the making of a bankruptcy order
against him/her, as well as to provide general guidance on what the court
expects in applications for such orders for prospective validation of proposed
dispositions.

3 This judgment may be supplemented by full grounds if need be.

Background to these applications

4 The applicant in OSB 3 is Mdm Eng Lee Ling (“Mdm Eng”). A bankruptcy
application 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/B 1456/2023.

was filed against Mdm Eng by Maybank Singapore Limited (“Maybank”), on 22 May
2023. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Eng Lee Ling dated 15 January 2024 (“Eng’s Affidavit”) at para 5.

Subsequently, Mdm Eng commenced negotiations with Maybank, where she proposed
that she sell off the Property and for the proceeds of sale to be applied to
the discharge of her debt to Maybank after paying off the mortgage over the
Property that is held by Orix Leasing Singapore Limited (“Orix Leasing”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Eng’s Affidavit at paras 6–7.

Maybank declined this proposal. At present, Maybank’s bankruptcy application
against Mdm Eng has been adjourned for the Official Assignee to assess Mdm
Eng’s suitability to be placed on the Debt Repayment Scheme. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Eng’s Affidavit at paras 9; Affidavit of Dong Yu dated 8 February 2024
(“Dong’s Affidavit”) at para 7.

5 Shortly before the hearing of OSB 3 and OSB 20 on 22 February 2024, a second
bankruptcy application 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

HC/B 630/2024.

was filed on 19 February 2024 against Mdm Eng by another creditor, DBS Bank
Ltd (“DBS”). DBS’s bankruptcy application against Mdm Eng has yet to be heard.

6 The applicant in OSB 20 is Mr Dong Yu (“Mr Dong”). A bankruptcy application
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/B 369/2024.

was filed against Mr Dong by DBS on 29 January 2024. At present, DBS’s
bankruptcy application against Mr Dong has also not yet been heard.

7 In the intervening period between Maybank’s bankruptcy application against
Mdm Eng and the subsequent bankruptcy applications by DBS against Mdm Eng and
Mr Dong, Mdm Eng and Mr Dong entered into an agreement with a third-party
purchaser for the sale of the Property to the latter. However, a few days
before the initial scheduled completion date, the purchaser indicated a
refusal to complete the sale due to his concern that he could not obtain good
title to the Property because of Maybank’s pending bankruptcy application
against Mdm Eng at that time. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Eng’s Affidavit at paras 11–12; Dong’s Affidavit at para 11.

8 To assuage the purchaser’s concerns, Mdm Eng and Mr Dong have brought OSB 3
and OSB 20 in which they seek the court’s consent to proceed with the proposed
sale. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Eng’s Affidavit at para 14; Dong’s Affidavit at para 12.

DBS, as a creditor of both Mdm Eng and Mr Dong, has filed objections to both
OSB 3 and OSB 20. On the other hand, neither Maybank nor the Official Assignee
have taken a position on these applications, although the papers have
apparently been served on them.

Issues to be determined

9 The parties are agreed that two issues arise in these applications for the
court’s determination:

(a) First, as a preliminary question, whether the applications are premature.
This turns on whether the court has the jurisdiction to grant its consent to a
proposed disposition of property by a debtor prior to the making of a
bankruptcy order.

(b) Second, if the applications are not premature, whether the court should
grant the orders sought by Mdm Eng and Mr Dong on the facts of their
respective applications.

My decision

Whether the applications are premature

10 The first issue is whether the applications are premature given that no
bankruptcy orders have yet been made against either Mdm Eng or Mr Dong. As
mentioned above, this is a question of the court’s jurisdiction. This is an
issue that was raised by counsel for the applicants, Mr Tris Xavier (“Mr
Xavier”), in his written submissions. Although counsel for DBS, Ms Cherie Tan
(“Ms Tan”), confirmed at the hearing that DBS did not take the position that
the applications were premature or that the court did not have the
jurisdiction to grant the orders sought, I consider it useful to engage with
the issue given that there does not currently appear to be a reported decision
in respect of the applicable provision, s 328 of the IRDA.

11 Section 328 of the IRDA reads:

Restrictions on dispositions of property by bankrupt

328.—(1) Where a person is adjudged bankrupt, any disposition of property made
by the bankrupt during the period beginning on the day of the making of the
bankruptcy application and ending on the day of the making of the bankruptcy
order is void except to the extent that such disposition has been made with
the consent of, or been subsequently ratified by, the Court.

(2) For the purpose of this section, a disposition of property includes any
payment (whether in cash or otherwise) made to any person by the bankrupt and
accordingly, where any payment is void by virtue of this section, the person
to whom the payment was made holds the sum paid for the bankrupt as part of
the bankrupt’s estate.

(3) Nothing in this section gives a remedy against any person in respect of —

(a) any property or payment which the person received from the bankrupt before
the commencement of the bankruptcy in good faith, for value and without notice
that the bankruptcy application had been made; or

(b) any interest in property which derives from an interest in respect of
which there is, by virtue of this subsection, no remedy.

…

(5) A disposition of property is void under this section even if the property
is not or, as the case may be, would not be comprised in the bankrupt’s
estate, but nothing in this section affects any disposition made by a person
of property held by that person on trust for any other person.

12 Mr Xavier focuses on the use of “consent” in s 328(1), which is used in
contradistinction to the phrase “or been subsequently ratified by”, to submit
that the legislation contemplates that the court can grant ex ante approval to
a proposed disposition of property rather than being limited to ex post
ratification of a completed disposition. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions in OSB 3/2024 dated 8 February 2024 (“AWS”) at
paras 10 and 12.

He also submits, in respect of the context of s 328, that because s 327(1)(a)
vests the property of an adjudicated bankrupt in the Official Assignee upon
the making of a bankruptcy order, a reading of s 328(1) that only allows the
court to ratify a disposition after a bankruptcy order has been made would
render s 328(1) otiose. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AWS at para 11.

13 In my judgment, it is clear from the wording of s 328 of the IRDA and its
context, as well as the legislative purpose of the provision, that the court
can prospectively validate a proposed disposition of property before a
bankruptcy order is made.

14 First, on the plain wording, I agree with the contrast drawn by Mr Xavier
between the word “consent” and the phrase “or subsequently ratified by” in s
328(1). The ordinary meaning of “consent” refers to ex ante authorisation. On
the other hand, the ordinary meaning of ratification – which the statute
itself makes clear through the adverb “subsequently” – refers to ex post
authorisation (see, eg, Alternative Advisors Investments Pte Ltd v Asidokona
Mining Resources Pte Ltd [2024] SGCA 3 at [2], in respect of ratification of
an agent’s authority).

15 Second, I see nothing in the objective, purpose or context of s 328 that
would militate against the court having the jurisdiction to grant prospective
validation orders before a bankruptcy order is made.

16 Although the cases on the predecessor to s 328 of the IRDA – ie, s 77 of
the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”) – and the parallel provisions
in the context of corporate insolvency – previously s 259(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), and now s 130(1) of the IRDA – are generally
concerned with ratification rather than consent, Steven Chong J in Centaurea
International Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Citus Trading Pte Ltd [2017] 3 SLR
513 (“Centaurea”) did recognise the possibility of seeking the court’s consent
for a proposed disposition after a winding-up petition had been filed against
a company (and presumably before a winding-up order had been made) (at [26]):

A third party who, despite having knowledge that the winding up petition has
been filed, is asked to enter into a transaction with a company after the
commencement of winding up can always decline to do so until he or the company
has obtained a prospective validating order. If he chooses to go ahead without
first obtaining the validating order, then he obviously takes the risk of the
court subsequently refusing to make the order. However, it is not always
feasible to obtain such an order in advance because the third party may be
unaware of the winding up application. Here we are concerned with such a
situation; hence, the necessity for the retrospective validation order.

[emphasis in original]

It is clear from this excerpt that seeking consent in the form of a
prospective validation order does serve a tangible purpose, namely, to give
counterparties to transactions with financially distressed individuals and
companies peace of mind prior to entering into what would otherwise be an
avoidable transaction in the individual or company’s subsequent bankruptcy or
insolvency.

17 If there were no jurisdiction for the prospective validation of
dispositions prior to the making of a bankruptcy order, transaction
counterparties would be forced to inevitably run the risk of subsequent
nullity if a bankruptcy order were to be made later down the line. That would
be a wholly uncommercial result and therefore an absurd construction that
should be eschewed (see Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at
[38]).

18 For these reasons, I hold that s 328(1) of the IRDA empowers the court to
grant its consent, in the form of a prospective validation order, to a
proposed disposition of property during the intervening period between the
making of a bankruptcy application and the making of a bankruptcy order.

Whether consent should be granted

The applicable principles

19 The authorities in respect of the predecessor provision in s 77(1) of the
BA are clear that the primary consideration when the court exercises its
discretion to validate a disposition is that the disposition should promote an
“orderly and rateable distribution to the general body of creditors” (see
Sutherland, Hugh David Brodie v Official Assignee and another [2021] 4 SLR 752
(“Sutherland") at [28]). Some implications of this are that the disposition
that is sought to be validated should be proper and fair, consistent with the
principle of pari passu distribution, and not amount to a preference of any
creditor. I do not wish to foresee all possible situations, but the guiding
light should be whether the disposition is (a) fair and (b) to the benefit of
the general body of unsecured creditors.

20 In an application for prospective validation, the fact that the disposition
has yet to go through, and its effects yet to be felt, means that the court is
faced with the difficult task of fortune-telling. Insofar as the question is
whether the proposed transaction or disposition is fair or pari passu-
compliant, such an inquiry may be less speculative. For example, where a
debtor intends to apply his limited assets to repay a particular creditor in
priority to other similarly situated creditors, the court does not need a
crystal ball to see that the intended payee will obtain an advantage. However,
insofar as the question is whether the proposed disposition or transaction is
likely to benefit the general body of unsecured creditors, that inherently
requires an element of projection. Ultimately, the burden of proof lies on the
applicant seeking the court’s blessing to convince the court that, on the
balance of probabilities, the proposed disposition is likely to benefit the
general run of creditors.

21 In contrast, in an application for ratification of a disposition that has
been rendered void by operation of s 328(1), the inquiry would appear to be
less speculative (see Sutherland at [38]); although I note that, in Centaurea,
Chong J held (in the context of the predecessor provision to s 130(1) of the
IRDA) that the relevant time for the inquiry even in ratification applications
should be the time of the disposition, and that the question should remain
framed in terms of likelihood of benefit to the creditors (at [48]).

The parties’ arguments

22 Mr Xavier agrees that the court should primarily consider whether the
proposed disposition would benefit the general pool of creditors. He submits
also that the court should consider other factors such as whether the
applicant debtor has acted in good faith, although he accepts that good faith
per se would not be sufficient. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at para 23.

23 In this regard, Mr Xavier submits that the general pool of creditors stand
to benefit from the proposed disposition of the Property because the sale
price, he says, is at fair market value and likely to exceed anything which
could be obtained in what he describes as a “fire sale” by the mortgagee who
holds a mortgage over the Property. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS at paras 24–25.

If the proposed disposition goes through, Maybank (who has petitioned for Mdm
Eng’s bankruptcy) would be paid in full. In contrast, if the proposed
disposition does not go through, Maybank would then fall into the general
pool, resulting in lower recoveries for the other unsecured creditors. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS at para 26.

Mr Xavier also submits that it is in the interests of the creditors generally
for Maybank to withdraw its bankruptcy application; it would allow Mdm Eng to
continue with her business, benefitting her creditors as a whole. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS at para 27.

24 On Mdm Eng’s good faith, Mr Xavier submits that Mdm Eng has always been
candid, and has not hidden her financial affairs from Maybank and the need to
sell the Property to pay off her debt to it. The fact that she has taken the
initiative to take out OSB 3 further underlines her good faith, showing her
desire to comply with the law. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at para 30–31.

25 Although Mr Xavier did not tender written submissions in OSB 20, he seemed
to take the position in his oral submissions during the hearing that the
points above were also made on behalf of Mr Dong’s application.

26 The objecting creditor, DBS, argues that the applications by both Mdm Eng
and Mr Dong are hastily done and in an unsatisfactory state. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DBS Bank Ltd’s Skeletal Submissions dated 22 February 2024 (“DBSWS”) at para
24.

In this connection, Ms Tan points to a litany of lapses and omissions
committed in both applications:

(a) First, there is nothing to support the applicants’ assertion that the
agreed sale price for the Property is at fair value. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DBSWS at para 25.

(b) Second, no list of creditors has been produced before the court, and in
fact, Mdm Eng did not disclose DBS as a creditor of hers in her supporting
affidavit. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DBSWS at para 26.

(c) Third, nothing has been said about the disclosure of the applications in
OSB 3 and OSB 20 to other creditors. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DBSWS at para 27.

(d) Fourth, although Mdm Eng and Mr Dong have disclosed that a deposit has
been paid by the purchaser for proposed sale of the Property, nothing has been
said about what has become of this deposit. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DBSWS at para 28.

(e) Fifth, the applications were served on DBS only at the eleventh hour. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DBSWS at para 29.

27 Ms Tan submits that the manner in which Mdm Eng and Mr Dong intend to apply
the sale proceeds from the proposed disposition of the Property does not
benefit their creditors. To pay Maybank – an unsecured creditor – in full from
the proceeds of sale flies in the face of the pari passu principle, and does
not serve s 328(1)’s purpose of promoting an orderly and rateable
distribution. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DBSWS at paras 30–32.

Further, Mdm Eng and Mr Dong intend to pay themselves from the sale proceeds
rather than their creditors, as is apparent from the Completion Statement 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Eng’s Affidavit, Exhibit ELL-1, Tab 8.

that Mdm Eng has tendered in evidence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DBSWS at para 33.

There is thus no benefit that is likely to accrue to the general body of their
unsecured creditors if the court consents to the proposed sale of the
Property.

28 On the issue of good faith, Ms Tan submits that Mdm Eng and Mr Dong have
deliberately attempted to conceal the sale of the Property, and the proposed
preferential treatment given to Maybank, from DBS. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DBSWS at para 37.

Mdm Eng has conducted herself as if DBS is not one of her creditors, by
neither disclosing to DBS the proposed sale of the Property or her application
in OSB 3. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBSWS at paras 38–39.

On the other hand, Mr Dong failed to disclose the proposed sale of the
Property in his negotiations with DBS, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DBSWS at para 40.

and only served OSB 20 onto DBS at the last minute. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DBSWS at paras 41–42.

In these circumstances, it is argued that Mdm Eng and Mr Dong’s conduct has
been “plainly dishonourable”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DBSWS at para 44.

The applications are dismissed

29 Given that the crucial inquiry is the impact that the proposed disposition
would have on the general body of creditors, one would expect that, in most
cases, there would be an indication of some sort of planned distribution
benefitting all – or at least, most – creditors, as well as a list – not
necessarily exhaustive, but as best as can be obtained in the circumstances –
of the debtor’s creditors. Here, what has been produced before the court has
clearly fallen short. Tellingly, there is no list of creditors. Save perhaps
for the odd case where a debtor is almost entirely indebted to a single
creditor, it is difficult to see how the court can be expected to project the
effects of a proposed disposition on the debtor’s creditors without knowing
who the debtor is indebted to, and for how much.

30 The applicants’ focus appears to be to stave off the creditor that is
currently knocking on the door (Maybank), and thereafter operate on a wing and
a prayer to keep their business going. This, if ever, will rarely be enough;
still less when it is clear that other creditors such as DBS will be coming up
the path as well. It is simply not enough to kick the can down the road and
hope for the best. Financial difficulty is rarely remedied by Micawberism.

31 The professed intention to pay off Maybank in full clearly amounts to a
preference that is injurious of other unsecured creditors, including DBS. It
is not enough to say that Maybank’s debt is cleared from the pool of unsecured
debt: that happens with every preference. The other creditors are harmed
because they get much less than Maybank when they should all be sharing pari
passu. Conceptually, the payment of a preference unjustly enriches the
preferred creditor at the expense of the remaining unsecured creditors (see,
eg, Stanford International Bank (in liquidation) v HSBC Bank plc [2023] AC 761
at [48]).

32 It follows that it would rarely be in the interests of the unsecured
creditors for one of their number to be accorded preferential treatment. There
will of course be exceptions: one can conceive of a case where it may be
beneficial to the creditors as a whole for an unsecured creditor who is a
major supplier of the debtor to be paid, so that the debtor can continue in
business and trade its way out of difficulty. But the court would need some
convincing, and the applicants have not adduced any evidence that displaces
the general starting point that a preference would injure, rather than
benefit, their unsecured creditors.

33 It might well be that the sale price in the proposed sale of the Property
is, or will be, a better price than in a “fire sale” conducted by Orix Leasing
in the event that it enforces its power of sale qua mortgagee of the Property.
But in the absence of any valuation report, or any evidence of proper
marketing by the applicant, the court cannot conclude that this is a likely
benefit and will therefore not validate a proposed sale even if it means that
the sale will be lost (see Re Rescupine Ltd [2003] EWHC 216 (Ch)).

34 Candour and proactivity on the part of the debtors will be strong
indicators of good faith. In this case, I am satisfied that Mdm Eng and Mr
Dong have not exhibited the degree of candour or proactivity that the court
will normally associate with good faith and a genuine intention to act in the
interests of their creditors. Apart from failing to lead important pieces of
evidence to allow the court to properly assess the merits of their
applications, one would have expected them to engage with all their creditors
rather than seeking to satisfy one at the potential expense of the others. In
this connection, their glaring failure to notify DBS – a common creditor of
both of them – of the proposed sale as well as these applications until the
eleventh hour (one day before the original hearing date) 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Affidavit of Mok Pei Fong dated 21 February 2024 at para 29.

falls short of the requisite good faith.

Conclusion

35 For all the reasons discussed above, OSB 3 and OSB 20 are dismissed.

36 In closing, I record my gratitude for the clear, succinct and able advocacy
from both sides: Mr Xavier and Ms Tan presented their cases very well, both
orally and in writing, and I look forward to seeing more of their work in the
future.

Aedit Abdullah J  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tris Xavier (Yuen Law LLC) for the applicants;

Chua Beng Chye, Cherie Tan and Foung Han Peow (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the non-party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Feb 2024 (18:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

