Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 35

Registrar’s Appeal from the State Courts No 11 of 2023

Between

Lim Jen Lin

… Appellant

And

(1)| Energy Market Company Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Pan Xingzheng Edric  
(3)| Rodyk & Davidson LLP  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Striking out]

[Constitutional Law — Natural justice — Bias]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Jen Lin

  
v

  

Energy Market Company Pte Ltd and others

[2024] SGHC 35

General Division of the High Court — Registrar’s Appeal from the State Courts
No 11 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
1 February 2024

6 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Ms Lim Jen Lin (“Ms Lim”) sued Energy Market Company Pte Ltd (“Energy”) 14
years ago in Suit 4 of 2011. In that case, Ms Lim, an accomplished lawyer who
had worked in various firms and companies including Drew & Napier LLC,
ChevronTexaco Corporation, and Energy, resigned from Energy in December 2005.
In January 2011, she sued Energy in Suit 4 of 2011 for wrongful dismissal,
claiming $200,000 in damages. Suit 4 of 2011 was a protracted action, but came
to an abrupt end when Energy applied in HC/SUM 221/2015 (“SUM 221”) for an
order in terms of the Offer to Settle by Ms Lim. The main terms were that
Energy pays Ms Lim $200,000 in full discharge of all her claims in Suit 4.
Energy, probably drained and wearied, accepted the offer on 7 January 2015.

2 Ms Lim had resisted SUM 221 on the ground that her Offer to Settle had
lapsed or withdrawn, but I found that the offer had been accepted and gave
judgment on the terms of her offer to settle. Ms Lim appealed against my
decision to the Court of Appeal in CA/CA 104 of 2015, but having failed on
numerous occasions to meet the deadlines given to her to file the papers for
the appeal, the Court of Appeal declared that her appeal was deemed withdrawn.
Ms Lim made further attempts to reinstate her appeal but without success.

3 Now, in this new rendition of Lim Jen Lim v Energy Market Company Pte Ltd,
Ms Lim is suing (in DC/DC 459 of 2022) for the exact same sum of $200,000. The
difference is that she now names the five partners as well as Ang & Partners,
the firm, who were her lawyers in the prequel. She is also suing Mr Edric Pan
and Rodyk & Davidson LLP who were, and still are (now known as Dentons Rodyk &
Davidson LLP), the lawyers for Energy. She claims that she had not been paid
under the original order, and therefore, there was a breach of contract by
virtue of Energy not complying with the terms of the Offer to Settle and the
subsequent court order. She is also suing the lawyers for abetting Energy in
their unjust enrichment (in not having paid her).

4 Mr Ong Ying Ping, counsel for Ms Lim, and Ms Audrey Chiang, counsel for
Energy, appeared before me on 2 February 2024 on an appeal by Ms Lim from the
decision of the Principal District Judge Toh Han Li. Mr Anparasan, counsel for
Ang & Partners and its lawyers, attended to hold a watching brief because his
clients are not directly concerned with the appeal, as the subject of the
appeal was an application by Energy, Mr Edric Pan, and Rodyk & Davidson LLP to
strike out the writ of summons in this action. The application was heard by
Deputy Registrar Kaur. Ms Lim appealed, and her appeal was dismissed by PDJ
Toh from whose decision she now appeals to the High Court.

5 At the hearing on 2 February, Mr Ong made an application that I should
recuse myself from hearing this appeal because there are reasonable grounds to
believe that there may be an appearance of bias by reason of the fact that I
had ruled against Ms Lim in the 2011 action. Mr Ong submitted that DR Kaur and
PDJ Toh both held that the action in DC/DC 459 of 2022 was an abuse of the
process of court, and thus I would reasonably be thought to be biased were I
to hear this appeal against their decisions.

6 Listening to counsel, it became immediately apparent to me what the problem
was, and what the solution ought to be — and that does not include filing this
new action.

7 The problem that led Ms Lim to file this suit, was that she did not receive
the $200,000 that she was supposed to be paid by Energy. But, Energy had sent
not one, but two cheques for that amount. The first cheque was sent after the
settlement order, and the second, after her appeal was deemed withdrawn
(presumably, the first cheque had expired by that time). Both cheques were
sent to Ms Lim’s lawyers, Ang & Partners. It transpired that Ang & Partners
informed Ms Lim that the cheque had been received, but they were not handing
it to her because she had not paid their legal fees amounting to $250,000. It
appears that nothing happened after that until this action was filed in DC/DC
459 of 2022.

8 Ms Chiang said that neither Energy nor Rodyk & Davidson LLP knew that Ang &
Partners had not given the $200,000 cheque to Ms Lim. She said that they only
found out about this recently, after the action commenced.

9 On the above facts which Mr Ong nor Mr Anparasan dispute, the solution is
for Energy to issue a fresh cheque for $200,000 to Ms Lim. That was what
Energy was supposed to do, and what they thought they did. The money would
have been written off as far as Energy was concerned. As to Ang & Partners’
legal fees, it is for them to sue Ms Lim. It has been six years or more since
Ms Lim’s case in Suit 4 of 2011 had ended. If Ang & Partners had not pursued
their costs against Ms Lim, they may wish to ask themselves whether they would
want to do so now. As for Ms Lim, if she is paid her $200,000, this entire
action would have been rendered irrelevant — whether it ought to have been
struck out or not.

10 I now return the matter of my recusal. Having heard the submissions of
counsel, suit DC/DC 459 of 2022 is virtually akin to asking the court for
further directions regarding orders that were unfulfilled. In my view, not
only would that not justify my recusal, but I would, in fact, be the most
appropriate judge to hear appeals arising from it. However, having now
identified the problem and pronounced on what the solution is, I should not
hear the appeal on its merits. If the parties are not amenable to the solution
as I suggested, then another judge has to hear the appeal. It is for this
reason alone, and not that suggested by Mr Ong, that I recuse myself.

11 I will hear the parties on costs when they return on 15 February 2024 for
directions, but I suggest that they settle costs amicably by that time.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Ong Ying Ping and Lee Ming Le (Ong Ying Ping Esq) for the appellant/plaintiff;  
Chiang Ju Hua Audrey and Sim Zhi Quan Sean (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the 8th to 10th respondents/defendants;  
Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Sivakumar Suchetra (WhiteFern LLC) for the 1st to
3rd and 6th to 7th defendants (watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Feb 2024 (10:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

