Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Appellate Division of

  

the High Court of the Republic of Singapore

[2024] SGHC(A) 5

Appellate Division / Civil Appeal No 120 of 2023

Between

H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Application No 867 of 2023

Between

H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law — Dispute resolution — Adjudication — Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 — Setting aside —
Interpretation of s 13(3)(a)]

[Statutory Interpretation — Interpretation Act — Applicability to s 13(3)(a)
of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004]

[Statutory Interpretation — Statutes — Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act 2004]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd

[2024] SGHC(A) 5

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 120 of 2023  
Woo Bih Li JAD, Kannan Ramesh JAD and See Kee Oon JAD  
1 February 2024

15 February 2024

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal solely concerned an issue of law: whether the Judge in the court
below erred in deciding that the Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA 150 of
2023 was not lodged out of time. This, in turn, turned on the correct
interpretation of the lodgement deadline provided under s 13(3)(a) of the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed)
(the “SOPA”).

2 We held that the Judge was correct in deciding that the computation of the
seven-day time limit (under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA) to file an adjudication
application, after the entitlement to do so arises, excludes the day the
entitlement arises. This would mean, in effect, that an adjudication applicant
has eight days in total to lodge an adjudication application. Therefore,
Adjudication Application No. SOP/AA 150 of 2023 was not lodged out of time. We
thus dismissed the appeal.

Facts

3 The facts leading to the present appeal were undisputed.

4 The appellant, H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (“HP”), engaged the
respondent, Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd (“MT”), to supply labour under a
sub-contract in relation to a building and construction project.

5 MT submitted a payment claim to HP on 30 May 2023. Under paragraph 1 of
Appendix C to the parties’ sub-contract, read with s 11(1)(a) of the SOPA, HP
was to provide a payment response by 20 June 2023 but failed to do so. Under s
12(6) of the SOPA, there is a seven-day dispute settlement period which was
from 21 June to 27 June 2023. There was still no payment response from HP by
27 June 2023. MT lodged an adjudication application (Adjudication Application
No. SOP/AA 150 of 2023) on 6 July 2023 under s 13 of the SOPA and the
adjudicator issued his determination on 21 August 2023.

6 HP then filed an application in HC/OA 867/2023 on 28 August 2023 to set
aside the adjudication determination on two grounds. HP’s application was
dismissed by Justice Philip Jeyaretnam (the “Judge”) on 9 October 2023. The
Judge’s grounds of decision was issued on 23 October 2023 and published as H P
Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd v Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC
298 (“H P Construction (GD)”). This appeal by HP focused on one ground only,
ie, that the adjudication application should have been lodged by 5 July 2023
and the actual lodgement date of 6 July 2023 (see [5] above) was one day late.

Decision below

7 The Judge held that the adjudication application was made within time (H P
Construction (GD) at [19]).

8 The Judge held that under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA, the entitlement to make an
adjudication application arises on the day, and not at any particular time on
that day, following the end of the dispute settlement period (H P Construction
(GD) at [14]). As a matter of ordinary language, the seven-day period after
the entitlement arises will commence on the day after (H P Construction (GD)
at [14]). As a result, an adjudication applicant in effect gets a period of
eight days after the expiry of the dispute settlement period, which equates to
seven days after the day on which the entitlement arose, to lodge its
adjudication application (H P Construction (GD) at [12]). In the Judge’s view,
this interpretation is consistent with the common law rule on calculation of
dates, and consistent with s 50(a) of the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev
Ed) (the “IA”) (H P Construction (GD) at [16]). There is no contrary intention
in the SOPA or in material evincing parliamentary intention to justify not
applying s 50(a) of the IA to the interpretation of s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA (H
P Construction (GD) at [16]).

Parties’ cases on appeal

The Appellant’s case

9 HP’s overarching position was that there is a seven-day period for making an
adjudication application under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA after the entitlement to
apply for adjudication arises, which includes the day on which such
entitlement first arises (ie, 28 June 2023 in the present case). After
excluding a public holiday, the seven-day period ended on 5 July 2023.

10 HP argued that:

(a) its proposed interpretation promotes the purpose of the SOPA which is to
create a fast and low-cost adjudication system for parties in dispute;

(b) its proposed interpretation is harmonious with other provisions of the
SOPA; and

(c) its proposed interpretation is supported by decided cases and industry
practice.

The Respondent’s case

11 MT’s overarching position was that the entitlement to lodge an adjudication
application first arose on 28 June 2023, which is the day after the last day
of the dispute settlement period, and an adjudication application should be
filed within seven days after 28 June 2023, which would be 6 July 2023
(excluding the public holiday on 29 June 2023).

12 MT argued that:

(a) s 50(a) of the IA applies in interpreting s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA, such
that the computation of a period of days is to be calculated from the
happening of an event, excluding the day on which the event happened;

(b) the ordinary meaning of s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA is that the entitlement
first arises on the day after the last day of the dispute settlement period,
instead of any specific hour, minute or second on that day;

(c) MT’s proposed interpretation is consistent with reported cases and does
not fail to promote the purpose or object underlying the SOPA;

(d) the SOPA does not specifically limit the period of entitlement for lodging
an adjudication application to only seven days; and

(e) while it is true that some SOPA provisions require a claimant to act
within seven days or multiples thereof, there is no logic to requiring time
periods prescribed in different provisions in a statute to be similar.

Issue before this court

13 The sole issue before this court was whether when calculating timelines for
the lodging of an adjudication application under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA, the
day the entitlement of the payment claimant to make an adjudication
application first arises is included or excluded in calculating the seven-day
longstop deadline.

Various interpretations of the adjudication application lodgement timeline

14 Under s 12(2) of the SOPA, a payment claimant like MT is entitled to make
an adjudication application under s 13 in relation to the relevant payment
claim if, by the end of the dispute settlement period (defined in s 12(6) of
the SOPA), the payment respondent (HP in this case) does not provide the
payment response or the dispute is not settled, as the case may be. The appeal
concerned the former scenario as no payment response was filed by HP. Here,
the parties agreed that the dispute settlement period ended on 27 June 2023.
The issue in contention is from which date the “7 days” timeline under s
13(3)(a) of the SOPA to determine the lodgement deadline for the adjudication
application is to be calculated. HP argued that it was to be calculated from
(and inclusive of) 28 June 2023 while MT argued that it was to be calculated
from 29 June 2023 because the day the entitlement to lodge the adjudication
application arose, ie, 28 June 2023, was not included in the computation. We
also add that there was a public holiday on 29 June 2023 which was to be
excluded from the computation of the seven-day period. Under s 2 of the SOPA,
“day” means “any day other than a public holiday”. That explains why the
parties’ arguments were that the adjudication application lodgement period
ended either on 5 or 6 July 2023.

15 HP provided a taxonomy of the various interpretations of the adjudication
application lodgement timeline in their submissions for this appeal. There is,
firstly, their preferred interpretation that the computation started from, and
was inclusive of, 28 June 2023 (“HP’s Interpretation”). HP then pointed to
MT’s interpretation that 28 June 2023 was excluded from the computation (“MT’s
Interpretation”). HP also noted that there was a third possible
interpretation, ie, that a payment claimant is entitled to lodge the
adjudication application one day after the expiry of the dispute settlement
period. In other words, MT was entitled to lodge the adjudication application
not on 28 June but only from 29 June 2023 (had there not been a public holiday
on this date). HP referred to this as the “Third Interpretation”.

The Third Interpretation

16 While the Third Interpretation appeared to be the same as MT’s
Interpretation, it was not. Under MT’s Interpretation, MT was already entitled
to lodge an adjudication application from 28 June 2023. However, for the
purpose of computing the seven-day period under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA, 28
June 2023 was excluded, and the computation of the deadline started only from
29 June 2023 (while bearing in mind that 29 June 2023 was a public holiday and
hence an extra day should be added to the overall timeline). Under the Third
Interpretation, MT was not entitled to lodge an adjudication application on 28
June 2023 and could do so only from 29 June 2023 (had 29 June 2023 not been a
public holiday), the date from which the computation started.

17 We rejected the Third Interpretation. As HP itself pointed out, the Third
Interpretation would mean that there was a gap between 27 and 29 June 2023,
ie, 28 June 2023. We were of the view that there was no gap. Under s 12(2) of
the SOPA, MT was entitled to make an adjudication application “if, by the end
of the dispute settlement period, … the respondent does not provide the
payment response …”. It was not disputed that that period ended on 27 June
2023. Hence, MT was entitled to make the adjudication application from 28 June
2023 and the Third Interpretation would be inconsistent with s 12(2). That
left only HP’s Interpretation and MT’s Interpretation.

HP’s and MT’s Interpretations

18 The Judge agreed with MT’s Interpretation. We also agreed.

The text of s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA and s 50(a) of the IA

19 Leaving aside authorities for the time being, the actual words in s
13(3)(a) of the SOPA are important. Section s 13(3)(a) states:

Adjudication applications

13.—.…

(3) An adjudication application —

(a) must be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to make
an adjudication application first arises under section 12;

…

20 At the hearing of the appeal, HP placed much reliance on the speech of a
Member of Parliament, Mdm Cynthia Phua, made on 16 November 2004 on the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill (Bill No 54/2004)
(Singapore Parl Debates; Vol 78, Sitting No 7; Col 1127; [16 November 2004]
(Cynthia Phua, Member of Parliament for Aljunied)). She said that, “This
application is to be made within 7 days …”. This was a reference to the
adjudication application. In our view, this statement did not assist HP
because it was not disputed that s 13(3)(a) mentions that the adjudication
application must be made “within 7 days”. The question was from when the 7
days begins to run. Since MT was entitled to make an adjudication application
from 28 June 2023, did the 7 days run from 28 June 2023 or one day after, ie,
from 29 June 2023 (leaving aside for the time being the fact that 29 June 2023
was a public holiday).

21 As MT argued at paragraph 3.3.7 of its written submissions, s 13(3)(a) does
not state that the adjudication application must be made within seven days
“after the end of the dispute settlement period” [emphasis in original].
Rather, s 13(3)(a) states that the adjudication application must be made
within 7 days “after the entitlement of the claimant to make an adjudication
application first arises under section 12”. At first blush, the two may appear
to mean the same thing and that may explain the views expressed in some cases.
However, a closer analysis reveals that they are not the same. The dates in
question are different – s 12(2) refers to the expiry of the dispute
settlement period (ie, 27 June 2023) while s 13(3)(a) refers to the date when
the entitlement to file the adjudication application first arose (ie, 28 June
2023). These dates are a day apart with obvious implications for the long-stop
date in s 13(3)(a).

22 It was not in dispute that the dispute settlement period ended on 27 June
2023. On 28 June 2023, MT was entitled to lodge an adjudication application,
but MT’s position was that 28 June 2023 was excluded from computation of the
adjudication application lodgement deadline. MT argued that its interpretation
was supported by s 50(a) of the IA. We set out s 50 of the IA:

Computation of time

50. In computing time for the purposes of any written law, unless the contrary intention appears —

(a) a period of days from the happening of an event or the doing of any act or
thing is deemed to be exclusive of the day on which the event happens or the
act or thing is done;

(b) if the last day of the period is a Sunday or a public holiday (which days
are called in this section excluded days) the period includes the next
following day not being an excluded day;

(c) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be done or taken on a
certain day, then, if that day happens to be an excluded day, the act or
proceeding is considered as done or taken in due time if it is done or taken
on the next day afterwards, not being an excluded day;

(d) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be done or taken
within any time not exceeding 6 days, excluded days must not be reckoned in
the computation of the time.

23 It was telling that HP did not dispute that s 50(a) of the IA supported
MT’s Interpretation. Furthermore, as the Judge found, and we agreed, MT’s
Interpretation was consistent with the common law on the computation of time
from a certain date which was to exclude the day of the event from the
computation of a period within which a person must act upon that event. The
common law was summarised in Suresh s/o Suppiah v Jiang Guoliang [2016] 4 SLR
645 (“Suresh”). HP also did not dispute the common law on the computation of
time.

24 The court in Suresh discussed the historical development of s 50(a) of the
IA and this provision’s codification of the common law position. The provision
which is now found in s 50(a) of the IA existed long before the enactment of
the SOPA in 2004. As noted by the court at [82] of Suresh, s 50(a) can be
traced back to the first legislative provision dealing with the computation of
time in s 16 of the Interpretation Act 1867 passed by the Straits Settlements
Legislative Council, which appears to codify the common principle then to
exclude the first day in computing time. The drafters of the SOPA have drafted
the SOPA against a statutory backdrop which includes the principles in the IA
for the computation of time. Had the drafters of the SOPA intended to displace
the time computation rules in s 50(a) of the IA, it would be reasonable to
expect explicit language to have been included.

25 HP had cited Suresh in support of its interpretation of the adjudication
application lodgement timelines, on the basis that the court in Suresh had
“suggested that one way of viewing a cause of action which technically accrued
at 0000 hours between two dates, would be to view the cause of action as not
yet accruing at the last moment of the earlier date, and accruing at the first
moment of the later date”. However, a close reading of Suresh would show that
it, in fact, supports MT’s Interpretation.

26 Suresh was a case where the court had applied s 50(a) of the IA. In Suresh,
the court had held that s 50(a) of the IA applied in construing the
computation of time under s 24A(2)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev
Ed) (the “Limitation Act”) in the absence of provisions under the Limitation
Act to explain the computation of time periods or to demonstrate a contrary
intention: Suresh at [29]–[36]. Crucially, at [26]–[28] and [56] of Suresh,
the court had also noted that there is a general principle of law that the law
does not take into account fractions of a day, and thus, for the purpose of
computing timelines under s 24A(2)(a) of the Limitation Act, the day of the
date of accrual of the cause of action had to be wholly excluded. Transposing
the dicta in Suresh to the present matter, it was our view that the
interaction between s 50(a) of the IA and s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA would mirror
the interaction between s 50(a) of the IA and s 24A(2)(a) of the Limitation
Act: in calculating the deadline for making an adjudication application under
s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA, the deadline calculation excludes the entirety of the
day when the subject event happens, ie, the date when the entitlement to make
the adjudication application under s 12 of the SOPA first arises.

27 In contrast, while the court in Suresh had, at [53]–[54], left open the
possibility of a situation where a cause of action could be viewed as “not yet
accruing at the last moment of the earlier date, and accruing at the first
moment of the later date”, the court stated that such a scenario “would arise
only in rare technical situations” (at [53]), that such situations were
“exceptional” (at [54]) and that the case which applied such a rule (Gelmini v
Moriggia [1913] 2 KB 549) was not followed in the later case of Marren v
Dawson Bentley & Co Ltd [1961] 2 QB 135.

28 Therefore, Suresh did not support HP’s Interpretation.

The statutory purpose of the SOPA

29 HP also relied on s 9A(1) of the IA which states:

Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials

9A.—(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) is to be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

30 HP argued that its interpretation would support the purpose of the SOPA
which is to provide for an expeditious and low-cost adjudication system for
parties in the construction industry to resolve disputes (although
temporarily) while MT’s Interpretation does not support that purpose. This was
because under MT’s Interpretation, an adjudication applicant had one
additional day to lodge his adjudication application, ie, effectively eight
days instead of seven days.

31 Even though MT’s Interpretation means that a claimant has one additional
day to lodge his adjudication application, we rejected the submission that
this suggested that HP’s Interpretation should therefore be preferred.

32 First, while s 9A(2) of the IA allows the consideration of extraneous
material not forming part of the written law in the interpretation of that
law, this is subject to the guidance mentioned in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-
General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [47] where the Court of Appeal said that a court
may consider extraneous material in the three situations mentioned in
Attorney-General v Ting Choon Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 373 at
[65]:

(a) under s 9A(2)(a), to confirm that the ordinary meaning deduced is the
correct and intended meaning having regard to any extraneous material that
further elucidates the purpose or object of the written law;

(b) under s 9A(2)(b)(i), to ascertain the meaning of the text in question when
the provision on its face is ambiguous or obscure; and

(c) under s 9A(2)(b)(ii), to ascertain the meaning of the text in question
where having deduced the ordinary meaning of the text as aforesaid, and
considering the underlying object and purpose of the written law, such
ordinary meaning is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

[emphasis in original]

33 HP did not argue that any part of the SOPA or the IA was ambiguous or
obscure. Neither did it suggest that MT’s Interpretation was manifestly absurd
or unreasonable.

34 We add that while the purpose of the SOPA is to provide an expeditious
adjudicative system to temporarily resolve disputes, it was a stretch to argue
that the difference between the interpretations of HP and that of MT meant
that HP’s Interpretation met the purpose of the SOPA while MT’s did not just
because MT’s Interpretation would mean an extra one day to file an
adjudication application. We maintained that view even though HP argued that
the attendant consequence of applying MT’s Interpretation to another
similarly-worded provision, ie, s 17(1)(a) of the SOPA, would then mean a two-
day delay in the computation of certain timelines under the SOPA.

35 In so far as HP argued that its interpretation was in harmony with other
timelines in the SOPA which adopt a time period of seven days or multiples of
seven days, MT pointed out that there are other timelines in the SOPA which do
not follow such a pattern, such as the timelines in ss 8(3), 8(4), 22(2)(a),
26(4) and 26(5) of the SOPA. In any event, s 13(3)(a) does use a seven-day
timeline. The question was when the time starts to be computed. The fact that
the adjudication applicant effectively gets eight days to lodge its
adjudication application, while some of the other provisions effectively
require a claimant to act within seven days or multiples thereof, was neither
here nor there. HP had not identified any principled rationale for why the
number “seven” holds any special significance in the context of the SOPA. It
is the text of s 13(3)(a) that prevails and, as mentioned, MT’s Interpretation
was neither absurd nor unreasonable.

Case law and industry practice

36 HP argued that its interpretation was supported by published cases and also
industry practice, in particular: (a) a quick guide on the timelines under the
SOPA published by the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore (“BCA
Guide”), and (b) a checklist issued by the Singapore Mediation Centre as part
of the adjudication application form to be submitted when claimants make their
adjudication applications (“SMC Checklist”). The latter mentioned that the
“7-days Dispute Settlement Period has ended and the AA is lodged within 7 days
after the expiry of the Dispute Settlement Period”. It is obvious that the
latter did not track the actual words used in s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA and had
assumed that the seven days is computed from the end of the dispute settlement
period. This is patently erroneous as the statutory language in s 13(3)(a)
computes the seven days from the time “the entitlement of the claimant to make
an adjudication application first arises under section 12”. Likewise, the BCA
Guide (which is in the form of an infographic) made the same assumption. In
any event, HP acknowledged that both do not have the force of law but argued
that weight should be given to these documents. We did not agree that weight
should be given to them in the light of the text of s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA and
s 50(a) of the IA.

37 In so far as HP relied on some cases to support its interpretation, HP
acknowledged that the cases did not address squarely the interpretation of s
13(3)(a) of the SOPA. For example, in Taisei Corp v Doo Ree Engineering &
Trading Pte Ltd [2009] SGHC 156, the parties had adopted a computation which
was the same as that based on HP’s Interpretation. In Tienrui Design &
Construction Pte Ltd v G & Y Trading and Manufacturing Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR
852, the court had also adopted the same computation. However, there was no
argument on s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA which was not in issue in either case.

38 In so far as MT relied on YTL Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Balanced
Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 142 (“YTL”) to support its
interpretation, the Judge noted (see H P Construction (GD) at [10]), and we
agreed, that the point was not argued there. In that case, the adjudication
application was lodged approximately five weeks after the deadline for
lodgement (YTL at [37]).

39 HP also relied on two cases to argue that MT was entitled to lodge an
adjudication application at 0000 hours of 28 June 2023, which entitlement
lasted till 2359 hours on 5 July 2023 (in view of a public holiday in
between). They were Mansource Interior Pte Ltd v Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd
[2014] 3 SLR 264 (“Mansource”) and Suresh. However, this splitting of a day
assumed that the computation started on 28 June 2023 which we did not agree
with. In any event, the two cases did not deal with s 13(3)(a) SOPA and the
facts there were quite different. The attempt to split a day was a desperate
argument which flew in the face of the point made by the court at [26]–[28]
and [56] of Suresh that there is a general principle of law that the law does
not take into account fractions of a day. HP’s reliance on Mansource was also
curious as the case lent better support to MT’s Interpretation. In Mansource,
the court had, when interpreting s 15(1) of the SOPA, noted that there was no
provision under the SOPA to explain the computation of time, and thus s 50(a)
of the IA would govern (Mansource at [13]–[14]). Logically, s 50(a) of the IA
should similarly apply to the interpretation of the timeline under s 13(3)(a)
of the SOPA.

Conclusion

40 In summary, the disposal of the present appeal turned on the plain
application of s 50(a) of the IA to s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA. There was no
material before this court evincing a contrary intention that s 50(a) of the
IA should not be used to interpret s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA. There was no
necessity to refer to extraneous material to decide the meaning of s 13(3)(a)
of the SOPA – there is no ambiguity or obscurity in the statute after s 50(a)
of the IA is applied to the SOPA, and it cannot be said that MT’s
Interpretation, which was adopted by the Judge as well, leads to a manifestly
absurd or unreasonable result.

41 We were of the view that the present adjudication application was made
within time on 6 July 2023 as the entitlement to lodge an adjudication
application first arose on 28 June 2023, which was the day after the last day
of the dispute settlement period, and an adjudication application should be
filed within seven days after 28 June 2023, which would be 6 July 2023
(excluding the public holiday on 29 June 2023).

42 We dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $30,400 inclusive of
disbursements. The usual consequential orders applied.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
See Kee Oon  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
John Lim Kwang Meng and Ng Kai Ling (LIMN Law Corporation) for the appellant;

Joseph Tay Weiwen, Swah Yeqin Shirin and Claire Tan Su Yin (Shook Lin & Bok
LLP) for the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

15 February 2024

Case summary

H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd v Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd [2024]
SGHC(A) 5

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Grounds of Decision of the Appellate Division of the High Court (delivered by
Woo Bih Li JAD):

Outcome: The Appellate Division of the High Court found that an adjudication
application was made within time and dismissed the appeal.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• The computation of the seven-day time limit (under s 13(3)(a) of the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed)
(the “SOPA”)) to file an adjudication application excludes the day on which
the entitlement first arises. An adjudication applicant has, in effect, eight
days in total to lodge an adjudication application: at [2].

Background

1 The appellant, H P Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (“HP”), engaged the
respondent, Mega Team Engineering Pte Ltd (“MT”), to supply labour under a
sub-contract in relation to a building and construction project.

2 MT submitted a payment claim to HP on 30 May 2023. HP was to provide a
payment response by 20 June 2023 but failed to do so. Under s 12(6) of the
SOPA, there is a seven-day dispute settlement period which was from 21 June to
27 June 2023. There was still no payment response from HP by 27 June 2023. MT
lodged an adjudication application on 6 July 2023 under s 13 of the SOPA and
the adjudicator issued his determination on 21 August 2023.

3 HP then filed an application in HC/OA 867/2023 on 28 August 2023 to set
aside the adjudication determination on two grounds. HP’s application was
dismissed by a judge of the General Division of the High Court on 9 October
2023. This appeal by HP focused on one ground only, ie, that the adjudication
application should have been lodged by 5 July 2023 and the actual lodgement
date of 6 July 2023 was one day late.

Decision

The adjudication application was lodged within time

4 Section 13(3)(a) of the SOPA provides that an adjudication application “must
be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to make an
adjudication application first arises under section 12”. The question that the
court had to decide was from when the 7 days begins to run: at [20].

5 It was not in dispute that the dispute settlement period ended on 27 June
2023. On 28 June 2023, MT was entitled to lodge an adjudication application:
at [22]. MT’s case was that 28 June 2023 was excluded from the computation of
the seven-day period for calculating the deadline for lodging the adjudication
application (“MT’s Interpretation”). HP’s case was that the computation
started from, and was inclusive of, 28 June 2023 (“HP’s Interpretation”): at
[15].

6 Section 50(a) of the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IA”)
supported MT’s Interpretation and MT’s Interpretation is also consistent with
the common law on the computation of time from a certain date which is to
exclude the day of the event from the computation of a period within which a
person must act upon that event: at [23]. Moreover, there is a general
principle of law that the law does not take into account fractions of a day,
and thus, in calculating the deadline for making an adjudication application
under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA, the deadline calculation excludes the entirety
of the day when the subject event happens, ie, the date when the entitlement
to make the adjudication application under s 12 of the SOPA first arises: at
[26].

7 There was no need to rely on extraneous material not forming part of the
written law in the interpretation of s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA or s 50(a) of the
IA in the present context as HP did not argue that any part of the SOPA or the
IA was ambiguous or obscure and neither did it suggest that MT’s
Interpretation was manifestly absurd or unreasonable: at [33]. While the
purpose of the SOPA is to provide an expeditious adjudicative system to
temporarily resolve disputes, it was a stretch to argue that the difference
between MT’s Interpretation and HP’s Interpretation meant that HP’s
Interpretation met the purpose of the SOPA while MT’s did not just because
MT’s Interpretation would mean an extra one day to file an adjudication
application: at [34]. HP’s argument that its interpretation was in harmony
with other timelines in the SOPA which adopt a time period of seven days or
multiples of seven days was also without merit: at [35].

8 The case law and industry practice cited by HP in support of its
interpretation was not persuasive. The industry practice was based on
documents that did not track the actual words used in s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA
and did not have the force of law: at [36]. The case law cited did not address
squarely the interpretation of s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA: at [37]–[39].

9 The court therefore took the view that the present adjudication application
was made within time on 6 July 2023 as the entitlement to lodge an
adjudication application first arose on 28 June 2023, which was the day after
the last day of the dispute settlement period, and an adjudication application
should be filed within seven days after 28 June 2023, which would be 6 July
2023 (excluding the public holiday on 29 June 2023). The court dismissed the
appeal: at [41]–[42].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Feb 2024 (10:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

