Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 56

Admiralty in Rem No 16 of 2022 (Summons No 2787 of 2023)

Between

| KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| Owner of the vessel “WORLD DREAM” (IMO No. 9733117)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Admiralty and Shipping — Practice and procedure of action in rem — Payment
out of proceeds of sale — Whether “gaming equipment” was included in a ship
mortgage — Whether there is sufficient evidence that there was “gaming
equipment” on board the vessel belonging to the mortgagor]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Parol evidence rule]

[Banking — Lending and security — Legal mortgages — Whether reference to the
“ship” includes “gaming equipment” on board]

[Deeds and Other Instruments — Deeds — Interpretation — Whether reference to
the vessel’s “appurtenances” includes “gaming equipment” on board — Whether
reference to the vessel’s “belongings” includes “gaming equipment” on board]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “World Dream”

[2024] SGHC 56

General Division of the High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 16 of 2022 (Summons
No 2787 of 2023)  
S Mohan J  
12 January 2024

28 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

1 The “WORLD DREAM” (the “Vessel”) was a large cruise ship built to carry more
than 3,000 passengers. She had a variety of facilities on board for the
entertainment of her passengers, such as restaurants, bars, swimming pools, a
spa/fitness centre, and much else besides – in many respects, the Vessel was a
floating hotel resort. In addition, spread across several locations on board
the Vessel was an assortment of “gaming equipment”. This included slot
machines, casino tables, and smaller paraphernalia frequently used for games
of chance. The question that has come before me for determination is this: was
that “gaming equipment” covered by a mortgage of the Vessel?

2 HC/SUM 2787/2023 (“SUM 2787”) is an application by the defendant, World
Dream Limited (“WDL”), for a declaration that any “gaming equipment” that was
on board the Vessel did not fall within the scope of a ship mortgage that it
granted in favour of the claimant, KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH (“KfW”). For the reasons
set out below, I dismiss SUM 2787.

The background

3 The factual and procedural background to SUM 2787 is not disputed.

The term loan facility and mortgage of the Vessel

4 KfW is a bank incorporated in Germany with limited liability.

5 WDL (formerly known as Chinese Percept Limited) is a company incorporated in
Bermuda with limited liability. WDL was, at all material times, the lawful and
registered owner of the Vessel.

6 In essence, the construction and acquisition of the Vessel was financed by a
syndicated term loan from several financial institutions (the “Lenders”), of
which KfW was one:

(a) Under an agreement dated 28 May 2014, the Lenders granted WDL a term loan
facility for the United States dollar equivalent of EUR 606,842,214.00; 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Edward Simon Middleton’s 1st Affidavit (“ESM-1”) at 35.

and

(b) That agreement was twice amended and restated by two supplemental
agreements, the first dated 27 April 2020 and the second dated 25 June 2021. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ESM-1 at [7].

I will refer to the amended and restated agreement as the “Facility
Agreement”.

7 In addition to acting as a lender, KfW also acted on behalf of the Lenders
as “Agent” and “Security Agent” 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ESM-1 at [7(1)(f)].

. The loan was therefore secured by, among other things, a first priority
mortgage over the Vessel (the “WD Mortgage”) granted by WDL in favour of KfW:

(a) The WD Mortgage was executed in the Bahamian statutory form and registered
with the Bahamian authorities on 26 October 2017; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ESM-1 at 223.

and

(b) The substantive terms of the mortgage were set out in a deed of covenant
dated 26 October 2017 executed by WDL in favour of KfW (the “WD Deed”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ESM-1 at 227.

I will refer to the Facility Agreement, the WD Mortgage, and the WD Deed
collectively as the “WD Documentation”.

The Crystal Endeavour Documentation

8 At this juncture, I briefly digress to set out the key details relating to a
separate transaction, the relevance of which I will address later in this
judgment.

9 It is WDL’s evidence that on 23 June 2021, a “similar term loan facility”
was made available to Endeavour Holdings Limited (“EHL”) in respect of the
vessel “CRYSTAL ENDEAVOUR” (the “Crystal Endeavour”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ESM-1 at [9].

EHL is a Manx company that owned the “Crystal Endeavour” at all material
times. Both WDL and EHL belonged to the same group of companies that had
Genting Hong Kong Limited (“GHK”) as its ultimate parent company. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ESM-1 at [5].

10 EHL, for its part, granted KfW a first priority ship mortgage over the
Crystal Endeavour (the “CE Mortgage”) on 29 June 2021. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ESM-1 at [9].

The substantive terms of that mortgage were set out in a “Covenant Agreement”
between EHL and KfW dated 29 June 2021 (the “CE Agreement”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ESM-1 at 240.

It appears that unlike the WD Deed, the CE Agreement was not executed as a
deed, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ESM-1 at 251–252.

but nothing turns on this.

The events leading to the present application

11 On 18 January 2022, GHK commenced voluntary winding up proceedings in the
Supreme Court of Bermuda. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Edgar Andreas Treede’s 1st Affidavit (“EAT-1”) at [22].

Dream Cruises Holding Limited, which was a subsidiary of GHK, did the same on
27 January 2022. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

EAT-1 at [29].

The winding up orders in respect of both companies were eventually made on 7
October 2022. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ESM-1 at 13.

12 It was undisputed that those voluntary winding up applications and the
making of the winding up orders by the Bermudian court constituted events of
default under the Facility Agreement entitling KfW to accelerate the loan. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

EAT-1 at [24] and [31].

On or about 1 March 2022, notice was given to WDL demanding (among other
things) immediate repayment of all sums outstanding under the Facility
Agreement. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

EAT-1 at [40].

13 On 2 March 2022, KfW commenced HC/ADM 16/2022 (“ADM 16”) and arrested the
Vessel on the same day as security for its claims against WDL under the
Facility Agreement.

14 Default judgment was entered against WDL on 19 May 2022 by consent and,
following that, an order for the appraisement and sale of the Vessel was made
by me on the same day. The Vessel and its bunkers were eventually sold by the
Sheriff on 24 February 2023 for USD 330,000,000.00 and USD 1,175,887.00
respectively (collectively, the “Sale Proceeds”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Tobias Rodewald’s 1st Affidavit at [21]–[23].

15 On 23 December 2022, WDL applied by way of HC/SUM 4527/2022 (“SUM 4527”)
for leave to enter an appearance in ADM 16 for the sole purpose of making the
application in SUM 2787. On 17 January 2023, leave was granted by the parties’
consent and SUM 2787 was filed by WDL on 7 September 2023.

16 On 27 September 2023, KfW applied by way of HC/SUM 2979/2023 (“SUM 2979”)
for the priority of claims against the Sale Proceeds to be determined and for
payment out of the Sale Proceeds to be ordered. After hearing the parties on
23 October 2023, I allowed SUM 2979 but ordered, with the agreement of KfW and
WDL, that a sum of USD 1,500,000.00 be retained in court pending the final
determination of SUM 2787 (the “Ringfencing Order”).

The issue: did the mortgage extend to “gaming equipment” on board the Vessel?

17 At the time SUM 2787 was filed, WDL’s second prayer thereunder was, in
substance, for the Ringfencing Order to be made. It is common ground that that
prayer is no longer in issue because I had already made the Ringfencing Order
at the hearing of SUM 2979 on 23 October 2023.

18 Therefore, I need only concern myself with WDL’s first prayer in SUM 2787
for a declaration that “any gaming equipment on board [the Vessel] does not
fall within the scope of the ship mortgage dated 26 October 2017 over [the
Vessel] in favour of [KfW] as mortgagee”. Whether this declaration should be
granted turns on one question: having regard to the terms of the WD
Documentation, did the mortgage created thereunder include or extend to the
“gaming equipment” on board the Vessel?

WDL has led insufficient evidence to clearly identify the “gaming equipment”

19 As a preliminary point, KfW objects to SUM 2787 on grounds that WDL’s
reference to “gaming equipment” is too ambiguous.

20 Counsel for KfW, Mr Edgar Chin, points out that the only evidence WDL
adduced to explain its reference to “gaming equipment” was a spreadsheet
listing various items by description along with other details (eg, their
acquisition cost and book value) (the “Asset Listing”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ESM-1 at 254.

Mr Chin argues that the Asset Listing is neither sufficient nor reliable
evidence of what “gaming equipment” comprises because: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at [7].

(a) The Asset Listing includes a number of intangible assets and heads of
expenditure (eg, “SHIPPING & INSURANCE”, “RETURN AIRFARE”, and “MEALS”);

(b) Of the tangible assets that are listed, some bear no apparent relation to
gaming whatsoever (eg, “TAPE MEASURE”, “HOT GLUE GUN”, and “RETRACTABLE
KNIFE”); and

(c) The spreadsheet itself has nothing to say on whether the items listed
therein were on board the Vessel at the time she was arrested and/or sold.

21 Ms Vivian Ang, appearing for WDL, contends that before SUM 2787 was taken
out, KfW never disputed that there had been “gaming equipment” owned by WDL on
board the Vessel. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at [10].

Moreover, KfW never objected to the Ringfencing Order being made at the
hearing of SUM 2979. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DRS at [10]; PWS at [31(b)].

She submits that KfW cannot now be heard to challenge SUM 2787 on evidential
grounds that could and should have been raised earlier.

22 Ms Ang further submits that the identification and valuation of the “gaming
equipment” are matters relevant only to the quantification of WDL’s claim.
Therefore, those matters should only be determined if and after this Court
grants the declaration WDL seeks. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DRS at [13].

The real question at this stage is one of principle, namely, whether the
“gaming equipment” (as a class of objects considered in the abstract) came
within the scope of the mortgage over the Vessel.

23 I disagree with the position taken by WDL. In my view, while there may well
be ancillary matters that will have to be ironed out after declaratory relief
is granted, identifying – even if only on a prima facie basis – the subject
matter of the relief sought is not one of them. It is simply not enough to
assume in the abstract that there was “gaming equipment” belonging to WDL on
board the Vessel at the time the Vessel was arrested and/or sold. There must
be some degree of specificity as to what those objects are in order to satisfy
the Court that the declaration, if made, will not be in vain. In my view, the
evidence led by WDL is insufficient for that purpose. Whether sums have been
retained from the Sale Proceeds pending the determination of this application
is beside the point.

24 In the circumstances, I am persuaded that KfW’s evidential objection alone
is sufficient for me to dismiss SUM 2787. However, KfW was in any case
prepared to meet the application on its legal merits (ie, by showing that the
“gaming equipment” fell within the scope of the mortgage) and advanced
substantive arguments in support of its position. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at [8].

In addition, and for the sake of argument, KfW was prepared to interpret
“gaming equipment” in SUM 2787 as “referring to gambling or casino equipment”.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at [8].

25 In the paragraphs that follow, I will explain why SUM 2787 would fail even
if I looked past (or were wrong on) the evidential difficulties discussed
above. In the rest of this judgment, I will adopt a generic interpretation of
the words “gaming equipment”, ie, as tangible objects permitting passengers to
engage in gaming. I will also proceed on the assumption that such objects were
on board the Vessel at the time she was arrested and judicially sold.

The relevant contractual provisions

26 I begin by setting out the relevant terms of the WD Documentation.

The terms of the WD Mortgage

27 As I mentioned above at [7(a)], the WD Mortgage is in the standard Bahamian
statutory form. It records WDL’s agreement to: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ESM-1 at 223.

mortgage to [KfW] all sixty four sixty-fourth (64/64th) shares of which we are
the Owners in the Ship above particularly described and in her boats, guns,
ammunition, small arms and appurtenances.

[emphasis added]

28 The words “above particularly described” refer to the following details set
out in fields at the top of the form: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ESM-1 at 223.

(a) Official Number;

(b) IMO Number;

(c) Name of Ship;

(d) Port of Registry;

(e) Propulsion and Engine Details;

(f) Vessel Dimensions; and

(g) Particulars of Tonnage.

The terms of the WD Deed

29 I turn to the WD Deed. Clause 1.1 of the WD Deed defines the word “Ship” in
the following terms: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ESM-1 at 229.

Ship means the vessel described in the Schedule and includes any share or
interest in it and its engines, machinery, boats, tackle, outfit, equipment,
spare gear, fuel, consumable or other stores, belongings and appurtenances
whether on board or ashore and whether now owned or later acquired by the
Owner and also any and all additions, improvements and replacements made in or
to such vessel or any part of it or in or to its equipment and appurtenances.

30 The Schedule referred to in cl 1.1 sets out the following details in
respect of the Vessel: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ESM-1 at 235.

(a) Name;

(b) Flag;

(c) Port of Registry;

(d) Official Number; and

(e) IMO Number.

The terms of the CE Agreement are irrelevant

31 The parties submitted at length on the relevance (or irrelevance) of the CE
Agreement to the interpretation of the WD Documentation. The disagreement
relates specifically to the definition of “Ship” in cl 1.1 of the CE
Agreement:

Ship means the vessel described in the Schedule (Information) and includes any
share or interest in it and its engines, machinery, boats (including, without
limitation, tenders and submersibles), tackle, outfit, equipment (including,
without limitation, expedition equipment and/or any on-board gaming equipment
owned from time to time by the Owner), spare gear, fuel, consumable or other
stores, belongings (including furniture and/or artwork from time to time owned
by the Owner) and appurtenances whether on board or ashore, together with any
rights or interest in any relevant computer software relating to, or used on-
board, and whether now owned or later acquired by the Owner and also any and
all additions, improvements and replacements made in or to such vessel or any
part of it or in or to its equipment and appurtenances.”

[emphasis added]

32 Ms Ang emphasises that the specific reference to “on-board gaming
equipment” in cl 1.1 of the CE Agreement is absent in cl 1.1 of the WD Deed
(see [29] above). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at [35]–[36].

33 Mr Chin unsurprisingly objects to this comparison on grounds that the CE
Agreement is parol evidence that cannot be relied on to interpret the WD Deed,
especially since WDL was not privy to the CE Agreement (which involves a
different owning entity – ie, EHL – as mortgagor). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS at [43]–[44].

34 Ms Ang accepts that the CE Agreement is not relevant extrinsic evidence
that can be relied upon to interpret the WD Documentation. However, she
submits that WDL is relying on the CE Agreement not as extrinsic evidence, but
simply to demonstrate how easily the parties could have expressly extended the
mortgage of the Vessel to specifically cover the “gaming equipment” if that
was the result they intended. Moreover, Ms Ang contends that the parties must
have been alive to the issue because:

(a) The same law firm (ie, Norton Rose Fulbright) represented KfW in both
transactions; and

(b) The second supplemental agreement (dated 25 June 2021) modifying the
Facility Agreement was concluded (i) two days after the term loan facility in
respect of the Crystal Endeavour was granted (on 23 June 2021), and (ii) only
four days before the CE Agreement and CE Mortgage were executed (on 29 June
2021).

35 It is clear that the CE Agreement is not legally admissible as relevant
parol evidence. To the extent that WDL relies on it to illustrate that the WD
Documentation could have been easily worded to expressly include the “gaming
equipment”, reference to the CE Agreement is, in my view, neither relevant nor
necessary in light of my decision below on the proper construction of the
relevant terms in the WD Documentation.

The “gaming equipment” came within the reference to the “ship”

36 Having considered the competing arguments, I am satisfied that the
reference to the “Ship” in the WD Mortgage includes the “gaming equipment”.
Let me elaborate.

The relevant authorities on the meaning of “ship”

37 The parties agree that Coltman v Chamberlain (1890) 25 QBD 328 (“Coltman”)
is persuasive authority on the meaning of the word “ship” as it appears in
ship mortgages. However, both sides advance differing interpretations of that
case.

38 Coltman was concerned with a mortgage of a fishing vessel. The mortgagor
agreed to mortgage “sixty-four sixty-fourths shares, of which I [the
defendant] am the owner in the ship above particularly described, and in her
boats, guns, ammunitions, small-arms, and appurtenances”. It is to be noted
that these words are practically identical to those appearing in the WD
Mortgage (see [27] above).

39 A contest subsequently arose between the mortgagee and another creditor of
the mortgagor (who was by then deceased) over certain articles on board (or
previously on board) the vessel. Some of those articles were used not for the
navigation of the vessel but for fishing. The question was whether title to
those articles passed with the mortgage. Charles J concluded that it did
because those articles came within the reference to the “ship” in the
mortgage.

40 Mr Chin submits that Coltman is authority for the proposition that the word
“ship” encompasses any object that is either (a) necessary to the navigation
of the ship, and without which no prudent person would sail, or (b) necessary
to the prosecution of the adventure.

41 On the other hand, Ms Ang contends that the holding in Coltman is that the
word “ship” encompasses any object that is (a) either necessary to (i) the
navigation of the ship or (ii) the prosecution of the adventure; and (b)
without which no prudent person would sail.

42 The parties’ conflicting interpretations of Coltman appear to stem from the
fact that Charles J never stated a composite definition of the word “ship” in
his decision. Nevertheless, I prefer KfW’s reading of Coltman for the
following reasons.

43 First, the headnote to Coltman itself reads:

A mortgage of a ship passes to the mortgagee under the word “ship” articles
necessary to the navigation of the ship or to the prosecution of the adventure
which were on board at the date of the mortgage and articles brought on board
in substitution for them subsequently to the mortgage.

[emphasis added]

I make two observations on the quoted passage. First, there is a distinction
between (a) articles necessary “to the navigation of the ship” and (b)
articles necessary “to the prosecution of the adventure”. For convenience, I
will refer to the former as “Navigation Articles” and the latter as “Adventure
Articles”. Second, it contains no reference to any standard of ‘prudence’.

44 Second, Charles J himself only adopted the language of ‘prudence’ in
relation to Navigation Articles (at 334):

the articles comprised in the second class are articles which are in
substitution for the original articles, are necessary for the navigation of
the ship, and are articles without which no prudent person would sail.

[emphasis added]

45 Third, Charles J referred to the case of Gale v Laurie (1826) 5 B & C 155
(“Gale”) and concluded (at 333) that:

[Gale] is to the effect that the word “ship” in s. 1 of the Act of Geo. 3,
covered the fishing stores on board—that is, the articles on board which were
needful for the accomplishment of the objects of the voyage; it is true that
it is a decision on an Act of Parliament regulating the limitation of the
shipowner’s liability; but it is an instructive exposition of what is included
in the word “ship.”

[emphasis added]

Charles J was plainly relying on Gale for the proposition that “articles on
board which were needful for the accomplishment of the objects of the voyage”
(ie, Adventure Articles) were to be regarded as a part of the “ship”. Again,
no reference to ‘prudence’ was made in reaching this conclusion.

46 Fourth, Charles J also relied (at 333) on the following extract from Wills
J’s decision in In re Salmon & Woods, Ex parte Gould (1885) 2 Mor Bky Cas 137
(at 141):

It has been argued that ‘ship’ is equivalent to ‘ship and its appurtenances’,
and to a certain extent that is doubtless so. It would include spare sails,
duplicate anchors—anything, in fact, which it would not be prudent to send a
ship to sea without.

[emphasis added]

There are three points of note in the quoted extract. First, the objects
referred to (ie, spare sails and duplicate anchors) are quite plainly more in
the nature of Navigation Articles than Adventure Articles. Second, Wills J
went on to describe those objects as those “which it would not be prudent to
send a ship to sea without”. The word ‘prudence’ is, therefore, only used in
connection with Navigation Articles. Third, the generality of words I have
just quoted – referring as they do to “a ship” rather than “the ship” – harks
back, in my view, to concepts of seaworthiness and safe navigation, rather
than the fulfilment of any commercial or personal objective.

47 Overall, I am unable to read Coltman as having applied the “prudence”
standard in connection with anything other than Navigation Articles.

48 To support her interpretation of Coltman, Ms Ang cited the following
extract from the Federal Court of Australia’s judgment in OW Bunker and
Trading Co Ltd A/S v Ship MV “Mawashi Al Gasseem” (No 2) [2007] FCA 1139
(“Mawashi Al Gasseem (No 2)”) (at [18]), which in turn cited the following
paragraph from Nigel Meeson, Admiralty Jurisdiction and Practice (LLP, 3rd Ed,
2003) (“Admiralty Jurisdiction and Practice”) (at para 10.68):

The scope of the mortgage in statutory form was considered in Coltman v
Chamberlain where it was held that a mortgage of a ship passed to the
mortgagee under the word “ship”: “all articles necessary to the navigation of
the ship or to the prosecution of the adventure, and without which no prudent
person would sail, which were on board at the date of the mortgage and
articles brought on board in substitution for them subsequently to the
mortgage.”

[emphasis added]

This paragraph appears unchanged in the fifth edition of the same text.

49 With the greatest respect to the learned author of Admiralty Jurisdiction
and Practice, the quoted parts (at [48] above) do not appear verbatim in
Coltman. The part of Coltman that reflects the quote most closely is the
headnote to the decision (which I have set out at [43] above). Crucially, the
important words “and without which no prudent person would sail” do not appear
in the headnote. In other words, the passage from Admiralty Jurisdiction and
Practice does not, in my view, accurately reflect what was in fact decided in
Coltman. I do not, therefore, consider the proper interpretation of Coltman to
be aided by that passage (or Mawashi Al Gasseem (No 2), which cites it).

50 Finally, Ms Ang argues that unless Coltman is read to have also applied the
‘prudence’ standard to Adventure Articles, the definition of “ship” would be
too wide. In my view, that is an overstatement. First, necessity is still the
controlling factor, and it can hardly be said that necessity pegs the bar too
low. Furthermore, whether an object is necessary for the prosecution of the
adventure is an intensely fact-sensitive inquiry. What is necessary for the
adventure undertaken by a fishing vessel may not be necessary where research
vessels or oil tankers are concerned, for example. I do not, therefore, agree
that KfW’s reading of Coltman will produce unreasonable or illogical outcomes.

51 To conclude, I am persuaded that the correct holding in Coltman is that the
word “ship” encompasses any object that is either (a) necessary to the
navigation of the ship, and without which no prudent person would sail; or (b)
necessary to the prosecution of the adventure.

The “gaming equipment” was necessary to the prosecution of the Vessel’s
adventure

52 I turn next to the question of whether the word “Ship” in the WD Mortgage
encompasses the “gaming equipment”, having regard to the holding of Coltman.

53 It is not suggested that the “gaming equipment” can be described as having
been “necessary to the navigation of the ship, and without which no prudent
person would sail”. The nub of the matter is whether the “gaming equipment”
was “necessary to the prosecution of the adventure”.

54 For KfW, Mr Chin submits that the Vessel was a “cruise vessel … purposed
for entertainment and leisure, with a focus on gambling”. Gaming was a key
aspect of the experience that the Vessel’s passengers were intended to have,
and the “gaming equipment” was obviously essential to delivering that
experience. He argues, therefore, that the “gaming equipment” was necessary to
the prosecution of the Vessel’s adventure. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS at [65].

55 For WDL, Ms Ang submits that the Vessel was consistently described as a
“Passenger Vessel” in various documents pertaining to it. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DRS at [27].

She argues that the “primary objective” of the Vessel was therefore to convey
passengers from one place to another, and that there was “nothing to suggest
that the Vessel would not have been able to fulfil its objective as a
passenger cruise vessel without the gaming equipment on board”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DRS at [85].

Put another way, there is nothing to suggest that the “gaming equipment” was
needed for any particular adventure. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DWS at [45].

56 Ms Ang further submits that, in any event, the Vessel offered “a multitude
of entertainment, recreational and dining facilities” to its passengers and
“the casinos and gaming equipment occupied a very small fraction of space on
the entire ship”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DRS at [85].

On that footing, she contends that “the Vessel was not a ship purpose built
for gaming or even with a focus on gambling”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DRS at [27].

57 I start with the obvious point that the object of the Vessel’s adventure
could not have been merely to convey passengers from one point to another (or
to allow passengers to idle out at sea before returning to the port of
embarkation). In my view, transportation of passengers per se was not even the
primary purpose that the Vessel was intended to serve. Common sense and
experience suggest that passengers register for cruises of the sort offered by
the Vessel in the expectation of being entertained by the myriad amenities and
programmes that are available on board. As WDL itself acknowledged, “[t]here
was a multitude of entertainment, recreational and dining facilities on board
to cater for people of all ages”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DRS at [85].

The Vessel was for all intents and purposes a floating resort, the object of
which was to provide its passengers with a multi-faceted entertainment and
leisure experience during the voyage. That was the object of the Vessel’s
adventure.

58 Viewed through that lens, the question that arises is whether the “gaming
equipment” was necessary for the accomplishment of that object. In my view,
the answer must be ‘yes’.

59 It is not disputed that insofar as “gaming equipment” was made available to
the Vessel’s passengers, it could only have been for the purpose of
entertaining passengers who wished to gamble during the cruise. The crux of Ms
Ang’s argument is that the “gaming equipment” was not necessary for the
fulfilment of that purpose (ie, of entertaining passengers) because gaming was
only one aspect – and, in her submission, a minor aspect – of the overall
entertainment and leisure experience.

60 I disagree with Ms Ang for two reasons. First, the weight of the evidence
does not support her submission that gaming was only a minor aspect of the
experience offered to the Vessel’s passengers.

61 KfW referred me to a letter from Clarksons Norway AS dated 12 January 2022
(the “Clarksons Letter”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

EAT-4 at 94.

The purpose of that letter was to “report on the market interest in the
auction of the World Dream”, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

EAT-4 at 94.

and it states that: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

EAT-4 at 95.

the World Dream is purpose built for the SE Asian market, with focus on
gambling. From discussions with various potential buyers, we understand that
it would probably cost more that [sic] USD 100 mill to re-brand the ship to
suit owners operating in the conventional cruise market globally.

[emphasis added]

Having regard to the Clarksons Letter as a whole, I do not accept that the
first sentence is a mere casual remark. That observation was made to
contextualise the statement that immediately follows on the estimated cost of
re-branding the Vessel. It was also relevant to the general purpose of the
Clarksons Letter, which was to explain the prevailing market conditions and
Clarksons’ efforts to secure a buyer for the Vessel via a judicial sale.

62 Apart from the Clarksons Letter, I was referred to a report dated 7
November 2022 (the “ALC Report”) by a firm of marine surveyors and appraisers,
ALC Consulting Services Pte Ltd (“ALC Consulting”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Claimant’s Bundle of Documents (Vol. 2) dated 23 November 2023 (“CBOD2”) at
13–516.

The ALC Report was commissioned by the Sheriff to facilitate the Vessel’s
judicial sale.

63 In my view, the contents of the ALC Report support KfW’s position that
gaming was a not insignificant component of the multi-faceted entertainment
and leisure experience offered to the Vessel’s passengers. The ALC Report
shows that there were at least nine distinct spaces on board the Vessel that
offered gaming facilities to its guests:

(a) The “Resort World at Sea Casino” located on Deck 7 of the Vessel is
described as a “casino” furnished with, among other things, “casino machines
and dealer tables”, a “slot machine room”, and a “cashier station for casino
token [sic]”; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CBOD2 at 306.

(b) The “Genting Club / Lounge” located on Deck 16 of the Vessel appears to be
an exclusive lounge, which is described as fitted with “[c]asino gaming tables
and chairs” and “slot machines”; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

CBOD2 at 84.

(c) The “Private Salon / Private Saloon 888” located on Deck 16/17 of the
Vessel is described as comprising “8 private rooms with 2 gaming tables each”
and “Saloon 888 with 4 gaming tables”. This facility was “[e]xclusively for
guests staying on Deck 16 & 17 and invited guests only”; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

CBOD2 at 83.

(d) “Tributes Bar”, which was a restaurant and bar located on Deck 8 of the
Vessel, was furnished with casino machines; 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

CBOD2 at 275.

(e) “Bar City”, which was a bar located on Deck 8 of the Vessel, was likewise
furnished with casino machines; 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

CBOD2 at 278.

(f) “Function 8”, which is described (perhaps somewhat imperfectly) as a
“multi-purpose venue” located on Deck 8, was furnished almost entirely with
casino machines and other gaming paraphernalia; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

CBOD2 at 281.

(g) The “Resort World at Sea” located on Deck 6 of the Vessel was yet another
casino featuring “[c]asino machines, roulette / dealer tables and seats” and a
“Shuffle room / chamber”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CBOD2 at 337.

(h) The “Premium Room” located on Deck 6 is described as a “casino” furnished
with “[c]asino machines and seats” and a “[c]ashier station for casino
tokens”; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CBOD2 at 339.

and

(i) The “International Room” located on Deck 6 is described as a “casino”
furnished with “[c]asino machines, roulette / dealer tables and seats”, a
“[c]ashier station for casino token [sic]”, and a “Shuffle room / chamber”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

CBOD2 at 341.

Having regard to the accompanying photographs in the ALC Report, I am
satisfied that these descriptions are reasonably fair and accurate.

64 The ALC Report also sets out a brief description of the Vessel, in which it
is stated that “[t]here are over 60 different common spaces and passenger
facilities to cater for onboard entertainment, gaming, dining, sports,
wellness and other services”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

CBOD2 at 14.

It seems, therefore, that at least nine out of the 60 or so spaces and
facilities on board the Vessel were catered to gaming. To be clear, I am not
attempting to characterise the significance of the gaming facilities with any
mathematical precision. However, the information supplied by the ALC Report
makes it impossible to say that gaming was only a minor aspect of the overall
entertainment and leisure experience that the Vessel was intended to provide,
contrary to Ms Ang’s submissions.

65 I turn to my second point, which is that even if gaming was not a focus of
the overall experience, it does not follow that the “gaming equipment” was
unnecessary to the accomplishment of the Vessel’s adventure.

66 Ms Ang’s basic argument is that because the Vessel’s adventure was to
provide passengers with a multi-faceted entertainment and leisure experience,
the failure of one facet of that experience would not entail the failure of
the entire experience. This is especially because some passengers may have no
interest in gaming whatsoever. Therefore, so the argument goes, the “gaming
equipment” was not necessary in relation to the adventure as a whole (even if
it may have been necessary for some part thereof).

67 This argument appears attractive at first blush, but is ultimately
erroneous because it treats the multi-faceted entertainment and leisure
experience as if it were a unitary object. Describing the object of the
adventure as the provision of a multi-faceted entertainment and leisure
experience is merely a convenient way of saying that the object was to provide
quality dining options to passengers who would value them; spa and wellness
services to passengers who would wish to indulge in them; swimming pools and
water slides to passengers who might enjoy getting a tan or an adrenaline
rush; gaming facilities for passengers who might take pleasure in gambling; so
on and so forth. In other words, there were several objects – and not only a
singular object – that went to the provision of ‘entertainment and leisure’.

68 With this context in mind, the relevant question, in my view, is not
whether a given article on the Vessel was necessary for the experience as a
whole. That question, so framed, ignores the very purpose of describing the
adventure as ‘multi-faceted’ (which expression conveys that there was more
than one object at play). In my judgment, the proper question to ask is
whether the article was necessary for some discrete form of entertainment and
leisure that the Vessel was intended to provide, the sum of which is the
multi-faceted experience the Vessel’s passengers were intended to have.

69 For reasons set out at [61]–[64] above, I accept that the Vessel was
intended to provide entertainment in the form of gaming to passengers who
might have a taste for it. The “gaming equipment” was quite clearly essential
for the provision of entertainment in that form.

70 In the premises, I am persuaded that the “gaming equipment” was necessary
for the prosecution and accomplishment of the Vessel’s adventure. In my
judgment, the “gaming equipment” was therefore a part of the “ship” subject to
the mortgage.

The “gaming equipment” came within the reference to the Vessel’s
“appurtenances”

71 I turn now to explain why, in my judgment, the “gaming equipment” also came
within the meaning of the word “appurtenances” as used in both the WD Mortgage
and WD Deed (see [27] and [29] above).

72 In The “Eurosun” and “Eurostar” [1993] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 106 (“The Eurostar”),
Sheen J noted (at 111) that “the ordinary meaning of the word ‘appurtenances’,
is a mechanical accessory or some apparatus or gear which appertains or
belongs to the ship.” On that footing, it was held that fuel oil could not be
regarded as an “appurtenance” of a ship.

73 In The “Dundee” (1823) 166 ER 39 (“The Dundee”), the eponymous vessel was
responsible for a collision on the River Thames. The shipowner’s liability was
statutorily limited to the value of the ship, tackle, apparel, furniture, and
appurtenances. The question arose as to whether fishing stores (which included
harpoons, spears, and fishing lines) on board the ship came within the meaning
of “appurtenances”.

74 Lord Stowell answered that question in the affirmative, holding (at [46])
that:

The word ‘appurtenances’ must not be construed with a mere reference to the
abstract naked idea of a ship; for that which would be an encumbrance to a
ship one way employed, would be an indispensable equipment in another. … You
must look to the relation they bear to the actual service of the vessel.

Lord Stowell also observed (at [44]) that “the very nature of an appurtenance
is, that it is one thing which belongs to another thing”, so that “[a] cargo
cannot be considered as appurtenances of the ship, being that which is
intended to be disposed of at the foreign port for money … Its connection with
the ship is merely transitory”.

75 Gale (which I referred to at [45] above) continues from the Court of
Admiralty’s decision in The Dundee. Against that decision, the defendant
applied to the Court of Queen’s Bench for a writ of prohibition. Abbott CJ
upheld Lord Stowell’s conclusion that the fishing stores constituted “a part
of the ship and her appurtenances” because:

whatever is on board a ship for the object of the voyage and adventure on
which she is engaged, belonging to the owners, constitutes a part of the ship
and her appurtenances within the meaning of the [English Act to Limit the
Responsibility of Ship Owners in Certain Cases], whether the object be
warfare, the conveyance of passengers, or goods, or the fishery …

[emphasis added]

76 It is apparent from the foregoing summary of the authorities that they do
not lay down a precise test for determining if an object qualifies as an
“appurtenance” of a vessel. For the purposes of deciding SUM 2787, it is not
necessary for me to attempt to do so. However, what the authorities do
indicate is that an object may be properly regarded as an “appurtenance” of a
ship if (a) it “appertains” or “belongs” to the ship, and (b) it is carried
“for the object of the voyage and adventure on which she is engaged”.

77 Before I consider whether the “gaming equipment” on board the Vessel
satisfies the rubric I have just set out, I should first briefly address Ms
Ang’s reliance on the case of St John v Bullivant (1881) 45 UCQB 614 (“St
John”). Ms Ang submits that St John stands for the proposition that “mere
furnishings”, especially those of an ornamental nature, will not ordinarily be
viewed as falling within the scope of a ship’s “appurtenances”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DWS at [58].

78 St John was a decision by the Upper Canada Court of Queen’s Bench in
respect of a mortgage over a vessel used for the carriage of freight and
passengers. The question was whether certain disputed articles came within the
scope of the mortgage.

79 The claim was dismissed because those articles “were no longer there [ie,
on board the vessel], before [the plaintiff] obtained the boat from the
assignee” (at [1]). The court went on to make the following remarks (at [8]
and [12]):

The case may be safely rested on the basis of these arrangements, which we
consider finally bound all the parties. If it were necessary to go further, we
would hesitate before holding that such an article as a piano, merely used for
casual amusement on a vessel, must be considered as passing to a mortgagee
under general words, such as are here used.

…

To hold that a mortgagor of a ship cannot in good faith substitute one article
for another, such as was done here, seems to us an unnecessarily harsh and
narrow construction of the law. But we rest our decision on the first grounds.

[emphasis added]

80 In my view, WDL’s reliance on St John is misplaced for at least two
reasons:

(a) First, it is not even clear on the face of the decision that the court was
purporting to interpret the word “appurtenances” specifically. There was no
sustained analysis of the words used in the mortgage.

(b) Second, the first and last sentences of the quoted passage make it clear
that the claim was dismissed on grounds that the disputed articles were not
even on the vessel when title passed. The court’s other observations were,
therefore, strictly obiter.

81 For reasons set out at [59]–[70] above, I have found that the “gaming
equipment” was necessary for the accomplishment of the Vessel’s adventure.

82 I am also satisfied that the “gaming equipment” appertained or belonged to
the Vessel. Details of the gaming facilities on board the Vessel were set out
at [63] above. It is obvious from the ALC Report that disparate pieces of
“gaming equipment” were systematically organised and operated in tandem to
effectively create multiple “floating casinos” of varying sizes. Some of those
items (eg, gaming machines and tables) are hardly portable in nature. There is
no evidence to show that the “gaming equipment” on board the Vessel had ever
been shifted across or deployed between different vessels, or was ever
intended to be. In the premises, I have no difficulty in concluding that the
“gaming equipment” also appertained or belonged to the Vessel, and thus
qualified as “appurtenances” of the Vessel subject to KfW’s mortgage.

The “gaming equipment” came within the reference to the Vessel’s “belongings”

83 Alternatively, I am also persuaded that the “gaming equipment” came within
the meaning of the word “belongings” in cl 1.1 of the WD Deed.

84 The only authority that I was referred to on this point was William John
Armstrong and Company v D. M’Gregor and Company (1875) 2 R (4th series) 339
(“Armstrong”). Ms Ang submits that Armstrong is authority for the proposition
that for an object to fall within the category of a vessel’s “belongings”, it
must be “necessary for the [Vessel’s] voyage”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DWS at [51]–[52].

85 Armstrong was a case concerned with a contract for the sale of a ship “with
all belonging to her on board and on shore”. At the time the contract was
concluded, a chronometer previously on board the vessel was being serviced on
land by the defendant opticians. The chronometer was subsequently restored to
the vessel, and again removed for maintenance. When the opticians refused to
restore it to the vessel, the plaintiff purchasers sued for delivery up of the
chronometer. The issue was whether the chronometer came within the scope of
the words “all belonging to [the vessel] on board and on shore”.

86 First, I accept that as a matter of plain English, “objects belonging to
the ship” and “the ship’s belongings” refer, in substance, to the same thing.
Although The Dundee was a case concerned with the word “appurtenances”, the
court in Armstrong quite clearly relied on The Dundee in interpreting the
words “belonging to” as used in the contract of sale. This indicates that the
court in Armstrong was interpreting the words “belonging to” not in their
general sense, but in the context of words used to transfer proprietary rights
in ships and their articles. I am therefore of the view that Armstrong is
instructive as to the meaning of the word “belongings” as they appear in ship
mortgages.

87 In deciding that the chronometer “belonged to” the ship, the Lord President
placed weight on at least two factors. First, the chronometer was necessary
for the navigation of the vessel (ie, it was a Navigation Article). Although
it was not necessary to ask if the chronometer was necessary for the
accomplishment of the vessel’s adventure (ie, whether it was also an Adventure
Article), the Lord President’s reliance on The Dundee suggests, in my view,
that the outcome of the case would have been no different even if the
chronometer was not a Navigation Article but an Adventure Article.

88 Second, the Lord President was satisfied that there was a sufficient
connection between the chronometer and the ship to justify describing the
former as “belonging to” the latter. There was no precise guidance on what
amounted to a sufficient connection for that purpose. However, the Lord
President specifically rejected the argument that “nothing can be said to
belong to a ship unless it is specifically appropriated or devoted to that
ship” (at 341). It is also clear that, in the court’s view, the connection was
sufficient notwithstanding that the chronometer had been intermittently
removed from the vessel – especially since the chronometer was only removed so
that it could be made ready for subsequent voyages (at 342).

89 I refer again to [70] above, where I concluded that the “gaming equipment”
was necessary for accomplishing the object of the Vessel’s adventure.

90 I have also referred to those parts of the ALC Report documenting the
nature of the “gaming equipment” and the manner in which it was deployed on
board the Vessel (see [63] and [82] above). In my view, if a chronometer that
was regularly removed from a vessel for servicing could nevertheless be
regarded as sufficiently connected to the vessel in Armstrong, it seems to me
impossible to say that the “gaming equipment” depicted in the ALC Report bears
any less of a connection to the Vessel. Such a conclusion is also consistent
with my earlier conclusion that the “gaming equipment” “appertained” or
“belonged” to the Vessel (see [82] above).

91 In the premises, if it were necessary for my decision, I would also hold
that the “gaming equipment” came within the reference to “belongings” in cl
1.1 of the WD Deed.

Whether the “gaming equipment” came within the reference to the Vessel’s
“equipment” or the Sweep Up Phrase

92 Mr Chin and Ms Ang take opposing positions on whether the “gaming
equipment” fell within the ambit of the word “equipment” in cl 1.1 of the WD
Deed. In light of the conclusions I have arrived at, I do not consider it
necessary for me to express a view on this point.

93 Counsel also disagree on the relevance of the following words in cl 1.1 of
the WD Deed (which I will refer to as the “Sweep Up Phrase”):

… whether on board or ashore and whether now owned or later acquired by the
Owner and also any and all additions, improvements and replacements made in or
to such vessel or any part of it or in or to its equipment and appurtenances.

94 Mr Chin submits that the Sweep Up Phrase further extended the definition of
“Ship” under cl 1.1 of the WD Deed to cover “all of [WDL’s] property on board
or brought on to the Vessel.” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at [42(a)(ii)].

95 This contention is vigorously resisted by Ms Ang, who argues that the Sweep
Up Phrase must be read conjunctively with the words preceding it. Put another
way, the Sweep Up Phrase is relevant only insofar as the article in question
first came within the ambit of the words “engines, machinery, boats, tackle,
outfit, equipment, spare gear, fuel, consumable or other stores, belongings
and appurtenances”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DRS at [42]–[62].

96 Again, this point is academic in light of my prior conclusions and so I
express no view on it.

WDL’s reliance on general principles of contractual interpretation

97 Finally, parties addressed me at length on the general principles of
contractual interpretation to be applied in this case. In this connection, Ms
Ang relies on [131] of Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”), which
in turn cites Gerard McMeel, The Construction of Contracts: Interpretation,
Implication, and Rectification (Oxford University Press, 2007), for the
following canons of contractual interpretation:

(a) The aim of contractual interpretation is “to ascertain the meaning which
[the terms] would convey to a reasonable business person”;

(b) Contractual terms must be interpreted having regard to both the contract
as a whole and the circumstances in which it was entered into; and

(c) The court should eschew an interpretation that would lead to an
unreasonable result, “unless it is required by clear words and there is no
other tenable construction”.

98 Ms Ang argues that in keeping with the abovementioned principles – and the
disinclination for unreasonable outcomes in particular – the WD Documentation
should have explicitly referred to the “gaming equipment” if the mortgage was
to cover it. To shore up this argument, Ms Ang cites the following extracts
from David Osborne, Graeme Bowtle and Charles Buss, The Law of Ship Mortgages
(Routledge, 2nd Ed, 2016) (“The Law of Ship Mortgages”) (at paras 5.9.3 and
5.9.6):

Equipment, such as electronic navigation equipment, that is owned by the
mortgagor can be easily moved from ship to ship, and, where this is so, the
equipment should be specifically described in order to ensure that the
mortgage extends to it. … If it is intended to obtain security against [mere
furnishings, particularly those of an ornamental nature], the deed of covenant
should specifically mortgage these items.

…

In the case of passenger ships and large yachts there may be a greater problem
in deciding the extent to which items such as furniture, gymnasium equipment,
televisions and other moveable equipment owned by the owner and not merely
leased to it are included in the mortgage. In practice, the position with
respect to such items is normally made clear by the deed of covenant, which
will also extend the charge to all other property brought on to the ship by
the owner, whether in substitution or in addition to property on board at the
time the mortgage was granted.

[emphasis added]

In reliance on this passage, Ms Ang submits that the language of the WD
Documentation was simply insufficient to produce the result KfW urges upon me.

99 The general principles cited by Ms Ang at [97] above are well established
and uncontroversial. In this case, however, I have considered the case law and
come to the conclusion that the language of the WD Documentation was
sufficient to bring the “gaming equipment” within the scope of the ship
mortgage. The real question, therefore, is whether my reliance on judicial
interpretations of the words “ship”, “belongings”, and “appurtenances” is
consistent with the modern interpretive principles Ms Ang invokes. In my view,
the answer is ‘yes’.

100 I begin with the following observation by the learned authors of Chitty on
Contracts (Hugh G. Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2022) (at para
15-065):

Where the same words of contractual provisions have for many years received a
judicial construction, the court will suppose that the parties have contracted
upon the belief that their words will be understood in the accepted legal
sense.

101 This proposition is amply borne out by the authorities. For example, in
Marc Rich & Co. Ltd. v Tourloti Compania Naviera S.A. (The “Kalliopi A”)
[1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep. 101, Staughton LJ observed (at 105) that:

It must, I suppose, be accepted that the interpretation of a charter-party
cannot be conducted solely on the basis of the ordinary English meaning of the
words which the parties have used in their contract. Regard must be had to
what the same or similar words or phrases have been held to mean in the past.
As I ventured to say in The Radauti (at p. 278):

Once a particular clause, phrase or word has received an authoritative
interpretation from the Courts, it is thought right to follow that
interpretation in other cases in the belief that the parties to subsequent
contracts will have had it in mind when concluding their bargains or at least
their legal advisers will have considered it when deciding whether to pursue a
dispute subsequently.

102 Of course, this is not to say that established judicial interpretations
are immutable, or that they must be woodenly applied despite clear evidence of
contrary intentions. The point, however, remains that commercial parties are
assumed to have ordered their commercial dealings around long-standing
interpretations – especially if the relevant words are used in the same
context or formulation with which the established authorities were concerned.
Put another way, a reasonable businessperson would start from the position
that the contracting parties intended for those words to have the meaning
given to them in the decided cases. If this presumptive meaning is to be
displaced, there must be clear and admissible evidence (whether in or
extrinsic to the contract) to show that the parties intended for a different
interpretation to prevail.

103 In this case, the relevant terms of the WD Mortgage and WD Deed were
framed in a manner that is standard to ship mortgages. Both sides dealt with
each other at arm’s length – or at least, there is no suggestion to the
contrary. There is nothing in the WD Documentation to reveal any contradiction
between the judicial interpretations I have applied and the parties’ objective
intentions as expressed in the WD Documentation. Insofar as reference was made
to extrinsic documents – namely, the CE Agreement – I have found them to be
irrelevant for the reasons set out at [35] above.

104 If there is nothing to displace the presumptive interpretation to be
applied, it would then generally be no answer to challenge that interpretation
on grounds that an unreasonable result will follow. This is because ex
hypothesi the parties themselves objectively intended for that result. In this
regard, I gratefully adopt Peter Gibson LJ’s observations in Kazakstan Wool
Processors (Europe) Ltd v Nederlandsche Credietverzekering Maatschappij NV
[2000] Lloyd’s Rep IR 371 (at [49]):

The court is entitled to look at those consequences because the more extreme
they are, the less likely it is that commercial men will have intended an
agreement with that result. But the court is not entitled to rewrite the
bargain which they have made merely to accord with what the court thinks to be
a more reasonable result, and the best guide to the parties’ intentions
remains the words which they have chosen to use in the contract.

105 In any event, I am not persuaded that the decision I have reached would
produce an outcome that can be fairly described as unreasonable. The
interpretation that I have arrived at may be more onerous than the one
advanced by WDL, but it has never been the law that the least onerous of
competing interpretations should be preferred.

106 Finally, I reject WDL’s submission that the relevant terms of the WD
Documentation should be read contra proferentem. It was held in Mohammed
Shahid Late Mahabubur Rahman v Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1021
(at [68]) that the contra proferentem rule “does not permit the artificial
creation of an ambiguity in order to reach a particular result”. The relevant
terms which I have construed in this case have a clear presumptive meaning
that was not expressly modified or departed from. I do not find those terms
ambiguous and there is, accordingly, simply no room to read them contra
proferentem.

Conclusion

107 This application would have been obviated had the parties used words in
the WD Documentation to expressly and specifically indicate that the mortgage
should extend to the “gaming equipment” on board the Vessel. To that extent, I
accept that the extract from The Law of Ship Mortgages cited by Ms Ang offers
useful, practical advice to mortgagors and mortgagees of ships (see [98]
above).

108 Nonetheless, in the circumstances of this case, the fact that the WD
Documentation is silent on the matter is not fatal to KfW’s case. For the
reasons I have given, the words that were used are, in my judgment, sufficient
to reveal the parties’ objective intention that the mortgage of the Vessel
should include the “gaming equipment”. I therefore dismiss SUM 2787.

109 I shall hear the parties separately on the issue of costs and any further
orders to be made in respect of the remaining proceeds of sale that are
subject to the Ringfencing Order.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Edgar Chin Ren Howe, Ch’ng Cheng Yi Samantha and Teo Jim Yang (Ascendant Legal
LLC) for the claimant;

Ang Hui Ming Vivian, Douglas Lok Bao Guang, Ho Pey Yann and Whang Yixuan
Rennie (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Feb 2024 (09:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

