Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 5

District Court Appeals Nos 91 and 95 of 2023

Between

WQI

… Appellant

And

WQH

… Respondent

Judgment

[Family Law — Custody — Care and control]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WQI

  
v

  

WQH and another appeal

[2024] SGHCF 5

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeals
Nos 91 and 95 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
17 January 2024

29 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (wife) and the respondent (husband) were married on 16 March
2013 and divorced on 15 December 2020 when the interim judgment was granted on
an uncontested basis. The ancillary matters were settled by a consent order at
the same time. The appellant is 40 years old, and the respondent is 42. They
have two daughters, aged 9 and 8, respectively.

2 The parties have agreed to joint custody but with shared care and control,
the appellant took out an application in FC/SUM 2405/2023 to vary the consent
order for sole care and control, or alternatively for additional care time for
herself. The District Judge (“DJ”) considered the application and dismissed
it. The present appeal arises from that decision.

3 The material clauses of the consent order for care and control are as
follows:

(a) Shared care and control in the following terms:

(i) During the children’s regular school term:

(A) The children shall be with the respondent from Sundays 3pm to Fridays 5pm.
In the event the children have no school on Friday, the children shall be with
the respondent until 10am; and

(B) The children shall be with the appellant from Fridays 5pm to Sundays 3pm.
In the event the children have no school on Fridays, the children shall be
with the appellant from 10am.

(C) The appellant shall be at liberty to spend time with the children from
6.30pm to 8.30pm on Mondays and Wednesdays.

(ii) The parties shall ensure that the children continue to attend their
existing enrichment classes, extra-curricular lessons or activities that take
place during their respective time with the children, save that the respondent
shall re-schedule the children’s swimming lessons from Saturday to Sunday,
subject to availability.

4 The appellant now wishes to have sole care and control with reasonable
access granted to the respondent on the following terms:

(a) During the children’s regular school term:

(i) The children shall be with the respondent from Fridays after school to
Saturdays 5pm. In the event the children have no school on Friday, the
children shall be with the respondent from 10am.

(ii) The children shall be with the respondent from 5pm to 8pm on Mondays and
Wednesdays.

(b) Save for the Chinese New Year, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Day, the
respondent shall have access to the children on alternate public holidays from
10am to 8pm; and

(c) The parties shall ensure that the children are to continue their
enrichment classes, extra-curricular lessons, and activities. Any new activity
proposed by the parties are to take place only during the time of care of the
proposing parent; and

(d) During school holidays, the parent not having access may have dinner with
the children every seven days on a day to be agreed three days in advance if
the children are in Singapore.

5 Alternatively, the appellant prays for the care and control order to be
revised as follows:

(a) During the children’s regular school term:

(i) The children shall be with the respondent from Mondays after school or
10am if there is no school, to Thursdays start of school or 10am if there is
no school;

(ii) The children shall be with the appellant from Thursdays after school or
10am if there is no school, to Mondays start of school or 10am if there is no
school;

(b) Save for the Chinese New Year, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Day, the
respondent shall have access to the children on alternate public holidays from
10am to 8pm;

(c) The children are to continue their enrichment classes, extra-curricular
lessons and activities. Any new activity proposed by the parties are to take
place only during the time of care of the proposing parent; and

(d) During school holidays, the parent not having access may have dinner with
the children every seven days on a day to be agreed three days in advance if
the children are in Singapore.

6 The appellant gave a number of reasons for her desire to amend the consent
order. They have all been addressed by the DJ below. The appellant had, among
other arguments, claim that she now has greater flexibility at work, the
daughters are now two years older and attending school, and the appellant
claims that the daughters are looking to have more time with her. Although
there are some merits in the Wife’s grievance here, I do not think that it
warrants a change of the order yet. All court orders, especially those
involving custody, care and control of the children in a divorce, must be
given time to settle. The wife is at liberty to apply for a review of the
access in 10 months’ time.

7 The DJ was of the view that the appellant’s unhappiness concerning the
orders for care and control stem from the different parenting styles, and thus
agreed with Mr Yap for the respondent, that divergent views on parenting
styles are custody issues and not issues concerning care and control. That is
generally correct, but in this case, their divergent points of view have been
enmeshed into the province of care and control. But even looking at this
appeal as one strictly on care and control, which it is not, there is
insufficient merit in the appeal to warrant a change of the orders.

8 Ms Loo, counsel for the appellant also argued that circumstances have
changed because the children have now moved from the paternal grandparents
home to the respondent’s home, and there would be too much disruption having
them travel from one place to another, but I agree with Mr Yap that the
respondent’s home, which is a short walking distance from his parents’ home,
is not a substantive impediment to the fulfilment of the existing orders.

9 The DJ decided that this was not a case that required the children to be
given a say to avoid placing any responsibility on their young shoulders for
the decision of the court. I agree with her. The children are no doubt young,
and in many cases, an interview with young children are necessary where there
is little for the court to make its determination but to see what the child’s
preferences are. But where, as in this case, the order below was made by
consent after mediation, and have been carried out with no difficulties or
problems, the appeal must be dismissed.

10 The appellant also appeals against the order of costs imposed by the DJ
below. Costs was fixed by her at $9,000. The application to vary the consent
order ought not have been made, and costs following the event is within the
court’s discretion. $9,000 may appear a little high, but it is not
unreasonable, and I will therefore not disturb that order. However, I will
exercise my discretion and not impose costs for the appeal.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Bernice Loo and Sophia Rossman (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant;  
Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap Law Chambers LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Jan 2024 (15:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

