Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 37

Admiralty in Rem No 61 of 2021

(Registrar’s Appeals Nos 246 and 247 of 2023)

Between

| THE OWNER AND/OR DEMISE CHARTERER OF THE VESSEL “A SYMPHONY”  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| THE OWNER AND/OR DEMISE CHARTERER OF THE VESSEL “SEA JUSTICE”  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Admiralty And Shipping — Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest — Stay of action
proceedings]

[Admiralty And Shipping — Practice and procedure of action in rem — Duty of
disclosure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “Sea Justice”

[2024] SGHC 37

General Division of the High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 61 of 2021
(Registrar’s Appeals Nos 246 and 247 of 2023)  
Kristy Tan JC  
12 January, 2 February 2024

9 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Kristy Tan JC:

Introduction

1 A collision between an oil tanker “A Symphony” and a general cargo vessel
“Sea Justice” occurred off the port of Qingdao, the People’s Republic of China
(“PRC”), within Chinese territorial waters (“Collision”). The respective
vessel owners commenced and engaged in proceedings in the Qingdao Maritime
Court (“QMC”) in relation to the Collision. Among others, the owner of the
“Sea Justice” constituted a limitation fund for maritime claims and the owner
of the “A Symphony” registered claims against that limitation fund. Both
parties also commenced liability actions against each other.

2 Separately, the owner of the “A Symphony” commenced (qua plaintiff) HC/ADM
61/2021 (“ADM 61”) in Singapore as an admiralty action in rem against the “Sea
Justice”. More than a year after the Collision, the “Sea Justice” sailed into
Singapore waters and was arrested on the plaintiff’s application. The (by now
former) owner of the “Sea Justice” entered an appearance (qua defendant) in
ADM 61 and provided security for the release of the “Sea Justice”.

3 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant in ADM 61 is for damages and
indemnification from loss arising from the Collision. The defendant applied by
HC/SUM 4434/2022 (“SUM 4434”) for, among others: (a) ADM 61 to be stayed in
favour of the court proceedings in the PRC on the grounds of forum non
conveniens; (b) the security it had provided in the Singapore action to be
returned; and (c) the arrest of the “Sea Justice” to be set aside. The learned
Assistant Registrar (“AR”) who heard SUM 4434 ordered the forum non conveniens
stay and return of security but declined to set aside the arrest. The AR’s
grounds of decision are set out in The “Sea Justice” [2023] SGHCR 24. Parties
filed cross-appeals against the AR’s decision. These are now before me.

4 HC/RA 246/2023 (“RA 246”) is the plaintiff’s appeal against the AR’s order
that the security provided by the defendant for the release of the “Sea
Justice” be returned. The plaintiff accepts and has not appealed the AR’s
decision that the Singapore proceedings should be stayed in favour of the QMC
as the more appropriate forum for the plaintiff’s claims to be tried. The
plaintiff has also made a considered decision not to ask that the forum non
conveniens stay be imposed on the condition that the defendant provides
alternative / equivalent security for the plaintiff’s QMC action. Instead, the
plaintiff wants to retain the security provided for ADM 61. The issue arising
is thus whether the plaintiff should be permitted to retain the security
provided for ADM 61 notwithstanding the forum non conveniens stay of the
Singapore action, the defendant’s constitution of a limitation fund in the
PRC, and the plaintiff’s participation in ongoing limitation and liability
proceedings in the PRC.

5 In RA 246, the plaintiff also appeals against the AR’s order that the
plaintiff pay the defendant disbursements of S$88,786.53 towards the fees of
the defendant’s Chinese law expert in SUM 4434. The plaintiff contends that
this figure should be further discounted.

6 HC/RA 247/2023 (“RA 247”) is the defendant’s appeal against the AR’s
decision not to set aside the arrest of the “Sea Justice”. The defendant
maintains that the arrest should be set aside because the plaintiff failed to
make full and frank disclosure of material facts in its application for a
warrant of arrest.

Facts

The parties

7 The plaintiff is Symphony Shipholding SA, a company incorporated in Liberia
(“Plaintiff”). The Plaintiff was at all material times the registered owner of
the “A Symphony”. The defendant is Sea Justice Ltd, a company incorporated in
the Marshall Islands (“Defendant”). The Defendant was at all material times
the registered owner of the “Sea Justice”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The “Sea Justice” [2023] SGHCR 24 (“GD”) at [5]–[7].

Background to the dispute

8 On 27 April 2021, the Collision between the “A Symphony” and the “Sea
Justice” occurred off the port of Qingdao, PRC. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Yu Changqing filed on behalf of the Defendant on 18 January
2023 (“1st YC Affidavit”) at para 8.

Oil carried on board the “A Symphony” spilled into the ocean, causing a marine
pollution incident. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2nd Affidavit of Eleftherios Tsouris filed on behalf of the Plaintiff on 17
January 2023 (“2nd ET Affidavit”) at p 53; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions
dated 22 December 2023 (“PWS”) at para 9.

9 On 28 April 2021, the Plaintiff filed a writ of summons in Singapore to
commence ADM 61.

10 On 30 April 2021, the Defendant applied to the QMC in the PRC to constitute
a limitation fund for all maritime claims (other than those for loss of life
or personal injury) that may be brought against the Defendant as a result of
the Collision (“SJ Limitation Fund Application”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 20 and pp 81–85; GD at [10].

11 On 6 May 2021, the Plaintiff commenced an action in personam against the
Defendant in the Marshall Islands in respect of the Collision. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2nd Affidavit of Yu Changqing filed on behalf of the Defendant on 7 December
2023 (“2nd YC Affidavit”) at p 68; GD at [21].

12 On 8 May 2021, the Defendant commenced a claim against the Plaintiff in the
QMC to determine the collision liability between the parties and for the
Plaintiff to compensate the Defendant for its loss according to the
apportioned collision liability (“Defendant’s Inter-Ship Claim”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 30 and pp 126–131; GD at [11].

13 From 27 to 29 May 2021, the QMC published notices in the People’s Court
Daily calling for interested parties to object to the SJ Limitation Fund
Application within specified times. The Plaintiff did not file any objections.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st YC Affidavit at paras 21–23 and pp 102–103, 106–107 and 110–111; GD at
[12].

14 On 25 June 2021, the Plaintiff’s Protection and Indemnity (“P&I”) club, the
North of England P&I Designated Activity Company (“NEPIA”), commenced
proceedings in the QMC to constitute a limitation fund for “oil pollution
damage compensation liability” arising out of the Collision pursuant to the
1992 International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage (“AS
CLC Limitation Fund”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 44; 2nd Affidavit of Corinne Lam filed on behalf of
the Defendant on 15 December 2022 (“2nd CL Affidavit”) at p 67; GD at [13].

15 On 12 July 2021, the QMC issued a Civil Ruling approving the SJ Limitation
Fund Application. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 23 and pp 116–118; GD at [14].

16 On 20 and 21 July 2021, the Defendant constituted the limitation fund by
paying a total of RMB39,536,501 (approximately US$6.1m) into the QMC (“SJ
Limitation Fund”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 24; PWS at para 17(a).

17 On 26 July 2021, the Plaintiff applied to register its claims against the
SJ Limitation Fund (“Plaintiff’s Application for Registration of Claim against
SJ Limitation Fund”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Affidavit of Wang Yongli filed on behalf of the Plaintiff on 15 February
2023 (“1st WY Affidavit”) at pp 154–156; GD at [15].

18 On 18 August 2021, the QMC approved the AS CLC Limitation Fund. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 44; 2nd CL Affidavit at pp 66–73; GD at [16].

19 On 27 August 2021, the QMC granted the Plaintiff’s Application for
Registration of Claim against SJ Limitation Fund. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd ET Affidavit at para 20; GD at [15].

20 On 27 August 2021, the Defendant applied to dismiss the Marshall Islands
proceedings on the grounds of, among others, forum non conveniens. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2nd YC Affidavit at p 69; GD at [21].

21 On 6 September 2021, the Plaintiff and NEPIA jointly commenced an action
against the Defendant in the QMC to determine the collision liability between
the parties and seek compensation for the losses suffered by the Plaintiff
(“Plaintiff’s Inter-Ship Claim”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 34 and pp 148–149 and 155–159; 1st WY Affidavit at pp
157–161; 2nd ET Affidavit at pp 96–100; GD at [17].

22 On 12 October 2021, the Defendant applied to the QMC for a worldwide
behaviour preservation order against the Plaintiff, which parties have likened
to an application for an anti-suit injunction (“Defendant’s Chinese ASI
Application”). The Defendant sought orders for the Plaintiff to: (a) withdraw
its Marshall Islands action; and (b) be prohibited from initiating legal
proceedings against the Defendant in the PRC or other countries or arresting
the Defendant’s property in respect of the dispute arising from the Collision.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st WY Affidavit at paras 14–15; 2nd ET Affidavit at p 106; GD at [22].

23 On 17 February 2022, the QMC dismissed the Defendant’s Chinese ASI
Application (“QMC’s ASI Dismissal Ruling”). The QMC held that the Plaintiff’s
filing of the Marshall Islands lawsuit did not violate PRC laws, and that
there was presently no evidence that the Plaintiff’s behaviour would make it
difficult to enforce a Chinese court judgment or cause the Defendant’s legal
rights and interests to be violated. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st WY Affidavit at para 20 and p 152; 2nd ET Affidavit at p 111; GD at [23].

24 On 18 March 2022, the Marshall Islands High Court dismissed the Plaintiff’s
action on the grounds of forum non conveniens. The Plaintiff’s appeal against
this decision was subsequently dismissed. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2nd YC Affidavit at p 85; GD at [21].

25 On 18 April 2022, the Plaintiff and the Defendant filed their evidence in
respect of the Plaintiff’s Inter-Ship Claim and the Defendant’s Inter-Ship
Claim (together, the “Inter-Ship Claims”) in the QMC. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 39; GD at [18].

26 On 19 April 2022, the QMC heard and directed the Inter-Ship Claims to be
consolidated. At that hearing, the Plaintiff’s PRC lawyers made oral
submissions on the Plaintiff’s defence to liability for the Collision and on
the evidence tendered by the Defendant (“19 April 2022 QMC Hearing”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st YC Affidavit at paras 32 and 40–41; 2nd YC Affidavit at para 25; GD at
[19].

27 On 27 May 2022, after the parties’ PRC lawyers had conferred on the
evidence tendered by the parties, they jointly confirmed in writing to the QMC
the authenticity of the evidence (“27 May 2022 QMC Joint Confirmation”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 42; 2nd CL Affidavit at pp 59–60; GD at [20].

Procedural history in ADM 61

28 As mentioned at [9] above, on 28 April 2021, the Plaintiff commenced ADM
61. The Plaintiff’s claim against the Defendant is for damages and
indemnification from loss arising out of the Collision.

29 On 28 April 2022, the writ of summons was renewed for 12 months.

30 On 19 October 2022, the Plaintiff applied for a warrant of arrest against
the “Sea Justice” (“Arrest Application”). The Plaintiff’s application was made
under s 4(3) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act 1961 (2020 Rev Ed)
based on a maritime lien arising out of the Collision. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

GD at [24].

In support of the Arrest Application, the Plaintiff filed a solicitor’s
affidavit (the 1st Affidavit of Liao Yanting) on 19 October 2022 enclosing in
draft the 2nd Affidavit of Eleftherios Tsouris (which was eventually filed on
17 January 2023) (“Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit”). The Plaintiff’s Arrest
Affidavit disclosed the following information about other court proceedings:

(a) The Defendant had constituted the SJ Limitation Fund in the QMC. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

2nd ET Affidavit at para 19.

(b) The Plaintiff had applied to register a claim against the SJ Limitation
Fund, and its application had been granted by the QMC. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2nd ET Affidavit at para 20.

The Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit exhibited an English translation of the
Plaintiff’s Application for Registration of Claim against SJ Limitation Fund.
This English translation contained a reservation of rights in the following
terms, which the Plaintiff also reproduced in the text of the Plaintiff’s
Arrest Affidavit: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2nd ET Affidavit at para 21 and pp 93–95.

This Application for Registration of Claim is a procedural application made in
response to the application from Sea Justice Ltd for the constitution of a
limitation fund for maritime claims. The Applicant hereby declares that all
the matters described herein or referred hereto shall not be construed as the
Applicant’s acknowledgement of any facts or liabilities, or acceptance of
jurisdiction of your court or application of law, or waiver of any substantial
or procedural defenses. The Applicant also reserves the right to object to the
right of the Respondent to limit its liabilities and the limitation amounts.
[emphasis added]

It is undisputed that the phrase “or acceptance of jurisdiction of your court
or application of law” (“Additional Words”) should not be present in an
accurate English translation of the original Chinese document. In his grounds
of decision, the AR described the phrase as “Missing Words” because it did not
appear in the original Chinese document. I prefer to describe the phrase as
“Additional Words” to reflect that it should not have featured in an accurate
English translation.

(c) The Plaintiff had filed a Statement of Claim (for Declaratory Action)
dated 6 September 2021 in the QMC. The Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit exhibited
an English translation of this Statement of Claim. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2nd ET Affidavit at para 22 and pp 96–100.

(d) The Defendant had filed a case disputing collision liability on 8 May 2021
in the QMC. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2nd ET Affidavit at para 23.

(e) The Plaintiff had commenced the Marshall Islands proceedings on 6 May
2021. The Defendant had applied to dismiss the action, and the Marshall
Islands High Court had dismissed the action on forum non conveniens grounds.
The decision was (then) being appealed. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2nd ET Affidavit at paras 25 and 34.

(f) The Defendant’s Chinese ASI Application had been dismissed by the QMC. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

2nd ET Affidavit at paras 26–31.

31 On 19 October 2022, the Duty Registrar heard and approved the Arrest
Application. He issued a warrant of arrest against the “Sea Justice” (“Warrant
of Arrest”).

32 On 20 October 2022, the “Sea Justice” was arrested after she entered
Singapore waters. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 12.

The writ in ADM 61 was also served on the Defendant.

33 On 21 October 2022, the Defendant entered an appearance in ADM 61.

34 On 18 November 2022, the Plaintiff and the Defendant reached an agreement
for the Defendant to provide security in the form of: (a) payment into court
of S$8,846,383 (being the equivalent of US$6.5m); and (b) a Letter of
Undertaking issued by The Swedish Club dated 17 November 2022 undertaking to
pay the Plaintiff sums due in respect of its claim in ADM 61 up to US$13.5m
(together, the “SG Security”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 13 and pp 72–73.

35 On 19 November 2022, following the Defendant’s provision of the SG
Security, the “Sea Justice” was released from arrest. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 15.

36 On 13 December 2022, the Defendant filed SUM 4434 to apply for orders,
among others, that (a) the Singapore action in ADM 61 be stayed in favour of
the court proceedings in the PRC on the grounds of forum non conveniens; (b)
the SG Security be returned to the Defendant; and (c) the Warrant of Arrest
and execution and service thereof be set aside.

Limitation of liability regimes in Singapore and the PRC

37 Of particular relevance to SUM 4434 and the present appeals is the fact
that Singapore and the PRC have different regimes for the limitation of
liability of shipowners for maritime claims based on vessel tonnage.

38 Singapore implements the Protocol of 1996 (“1996 Protocol”) to amend the
Convention on Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims 1976 (“1976
Convention”) domestically by way of Part VIII of the Merchant Shipping Act
1995 (2020 Rev Ed). The 1996 Protocol increased the limits of liability under
the 1976 Convention (see also CMA CGM SA and Another v The Ship Chou Shan and
Another [2014] FCAFC 90 (“Chou Shan”) at [69]).

39 In contrast, the PRC is not a State party or signatory to any international
convention on the limitation of liability for maritime claims. The Chinese
limitation regime is enacted domestically by way of Ch 11 (titled “Limitation
of Liability for Maritime Claims”) of the Maritime Code of the PRC. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1st Affidavit of Chu Beiping filed on behalf of the Plaintiff on 15 February
2023 at exh “CBP-2”: Expert Opinion, Annex 1, pp 41–44.

The substance of Ch 11 is taken from the 1976 Convention (see also Chou Shan
at [9]), save that the former does not adopt Art 13 of the 1976 Convention
which provides for, among others, a bar to other actions by a person who has
made a claim against a limitation fund constituted under Art 11. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions dated 11 January 2024 (“2nd PWS”) at para 17.

40 It is undisputed that the limits of liability (quantum-wise) are higher
under the Singapore limitation regime than under the Chinese limitation
regime. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

GD at [50].

The total value of the SG Security is pegged to the maximum that the Plaintiff
would be allowed to claim under Singapore’s limitation framework. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

GD at [108].

Decision below

Order for forum non conveniens stay

41 The AR held that the Singapore action should be stayed on the grounds of
forum non conveniens in favour of the QMC proceedings. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at [121].

At the first stage of the test in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd
[1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”), he found that the QMC was the more appropriate
forum for the Plaintiff’s claims to be tried. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

GD at [45]–[106].

At the second stage of the test, viz, whether justice required that a stay
should nonetheless not be granted, he rejected the Plaintiff’s argument that
it would lose the juridical advantage of the SG Security if the Singapore
action were stayed. The practical effect of the Plaintiff losing the SG
Security was no different from losing the benefit of the higher limit of
liability in Singapore. The Plaintiff’s argument attempted to sidestep the
fact that the existence of different limitation regimes is not an advantage
under the second stage of the Spiliada test given international comity (citing
The “Reecon Wolf” [2012] 2 SLR 289 (“Reecon Wolf”) at [55]). Further,
accepting the Plaintiff’s argument would force the Defendant to potentially
set up a limitation fund in Singapore, contrary to its right to claim
limitation in its choice of forum (citing Evergreen International SA v
Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd and others [2004] 2 SLR(R) 457
(“Evergreen”) at [47]). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

GD at [107]–[120].

Order for return of SG Security

42 The AR stayed the Singapore proceedings unconditionally and ordered the
return of the SG Security. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

GD at [160] and [162].

He held that the grant of the forum non conveniens stay required the return of
the SG Security as there was no longer a pending claim here. He also cited The
“Putbus” [1969] P 136 (“Putbus”) for the proposition that a shipowner, having
constituted a limitation fund to answer collision claims, should not be
compelled to put up further security in another country for the same claims.
He held that allowing the Plaintiff to retain the SG Security would usurp the
Defendant’s choice of forum for its limitation action. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

GD at [147]–[150].

43 The AR further rejected the Plaintiff’s proposal for a “conditional stay”
or “case management stay” (with attendant retention of the SG Security) where
the stay could be lifted for the Plaintiff to enforce any Chinese judgment
obtained so as to claim damages it could not claim against the SJ Limitation
Fund. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

GD at [29].

He held that such an order would allow the Plaintiff to be doubly secured in
Singapore and in the PRC. It would also go against comity as it would be
tantamount to finding that the Chinese limitation regime was inadequate
compared with that of Singapore. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

GD at [151]–[157].

As for the Plaintiff’s argument that it was unclear whether its oil pollution
indemnity claims against the Defendant would fall within the SJ Limitation
Fund, the Plaintiff had not proven that these claims were not subject to the
SJ Limitation Fund. The Plaintiff had in fact already registered these claims
against the SJ Limitation Fund. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

GD at [158]–[159].

Order dismissing the Defendant’s application to set aside the arrest

44 The AR found that the non-disclosures by the Plaintiff were, although
relevant, immaterial. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

GD at [161].

He held that whether the Plaintiff had reserved its rights when it registered
its claim against the SJ Limitation Fund was relevant. A reservation of rights
signalled that the Plaintiff was intent to proceed with the Singapore and not
QMC action. The fact that the Plaintiff had participated in the Chinese
proceedings without any express reservation or objection to the QMC’s
jurisdiction was inconsistent with what the Plaintiff told the Duty Registrar
in the Arrest Application. However, the AR noted the opinion of the
Plaintiff’s Chinese law expert, Prof Chu Beiping (“Prof Chu”), that the
Plaintiff could still challenge the QMC’s jurisdiction by making a “procedural
defence”. The AR found that the lack of the Additional Words (see [30(b)]
above) in the actual Chinese reservation of rights clause was thus not
material to the grant of the Warrant of Arrest. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

GD at [137] and [140]–[143].

He also opined that every proceeding in the QMC preceding the hearing of the
Arrest Application should have been disclosed. However, the impact of not
disclosing more was not significant. He therefore exercised his discretion not
to set aside the Warrant of Arrest. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

GD at [144]–[145].

Order for the Plaintiff to pay the Defendant’s Chinese law expert’s fees

45 The AR awarded the costs of SUM 4434 to the Defendant. He allowed
disbursements of S$88,786.53 for the fees of the Defendant’s Chinese law
expert, Prof Zhao Jinsong (“Prof Zhao”). The parties had adduced Chinese law
expert evidence for the forum non conveniens stay application, on which the
Defendant succeeded. Prof Zhao’s bill was for S$110,983.17. The AR went
through the entries in his bill and found his fees to be reasonable and
reasonably incurred. However, a reduction of Prof Zhao’s fees was in order.
Prof Zhao had rendered five reports. His first report and part of his second
report related to the issue of submission to jurisdiction of the Chinese
courts. They accounted for the bulk of his costs. His third, fourth and fifth
reports were on other issues. The AR found Prof Zhao’s opinion on the issue of
submission to jurisdiction difficult to follow as it was diametrically
opposite to the opinion Prof Zhao had rendered in another case. The first and
second reports were thus of limited value. This did not mean that all of Prof
Zhao’s work in rendering his opinion on the issue of submission to
jurisdiction should be negated. However, his fees should be reduced on account
of the limited value derived from his opinion on this issue. A 20% reduction
on his fees, to S$88,786.53, was appropriate. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Certified Transcript of hearing of SUM 4434 on 3 November 2023 at p 5 line
30–p 6 line 31.

The parties’ cases on appeal

46 I set out a brief overview of the parties’ positions in these appeals, to
be elaborated at the relevant junctures.

47 The Plaintiff did not appeal against the forum non conveniens stay order.
Notwithstanding that, the Plaintiff submitted that the SG Security should be
retained. This is to satisfy any amounts under any Chinese judgment the
Plaintiff might obtain against the Defendant and which might not be satisfied
out of the SJ Limitation Fund. Next, the Plaintiff submitted that the AR
rightly exercised his discretion not to set aside the arrest of the “Sea
Justice” as the non-disclosed matters were immaterial to the Duty Registrar’s
decision whether to issue the Warrant of Arrest. Finally, the Plaintiff’s
counsel clarified at the hearing of RA 246 that its appeal against the AR’s
costs order is confined to the disbursements of S$88,786.53 allowed for Prof
Zhao’s fees. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Notes of Arguments of RA 246 and RA 247 hearing on 12 January 2024 (“NOA”) at
p 14 lines 31–32.

The Plaintiff argued for a 70%–80% reduction of Prof Zhao’s fees.

48 The Defendant opposed the retention of the SG Security on the grounds that
(a) there is no legal basis to maintain the SG Security given the grant of the
forum non conveniens stay; (b) the Plaintiff will be doubly secured should the
SG Security be retained; and (c) the retention of the SG Security would go
against international comity. Next, the Defendant submitted that the AR’s
discretion not to set aside the arrest of the “Sea Justice” was incorrectly
exercised as the Plaintiff’s non-disclosures were material and deliberate.
Finally, the Defendant submitted that the AR’s costs order was within his
discretion and should not be disturbed.

Issues to be determined

49 The three main issues to be determined are:

(a) in RA 246: whether the SG Security should be retained by the Plaintiff;

(b) in RA 247: whether the arrest of the “Sea Justice” should be set aside;
and

(c) in RA 246: whether the disbursements allowed for Prof Zhao’s fees, in the
amount of S$88,786.53, should be further reduced.

Issue 1: Whether the SG Security should be retained by the Plaintiff

The Plaintiff’s case

50 The Plaintiff has not appealed against the forum non conveniens stay
ordered by the AR, a point emphasised by the Plaintiff in its submissions 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2nd PWS at para 2; NOA at p 3 lines 2–3.

and reflected in the RA 246 Notice of Appeal, which states only that the
Plaintiff appeals (a) the AR’s decision that the SG Security be returned to
the Defendant; and (b) the AR’s costs order. The Plaintiff submitted that the
default position is that the courts will order the retention of security
provided for the release of an arrested vessel where the admiralty action is
subsequently stayed on forum non conveniens grounds. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

2nd PWS at paras 3–6.

51 At the same time, the Plaintiff ran the primary argument that the Singapore
court should order a “conditional stay” or “case management stay” that allows
the Plaintiff to (a) “return to Singapore to lift the stay” after the issues
of liability and quantum of damages have been determined in the Chinese
proceedings; (b) obtain a Singapore judgment using the Chinese courts’
findings and “based on res judicata”; and (c) “enforce by way of Singapore
judgment against the [SG] Security” for “any sum that has not been satisfied
by the Defendant in the Chinese proceedings, over and above any entitlement of
the Plaintiff to the SJ Limitation Fund”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PWS at para 80; 2nd PWS at para 27; NOA at p 3 lines 22–25 and p 14 lines
11–14.

In effect, the Plaintiff contended for a limited stay of the Singapore action
with attendant retention of the SG Security. I shall refer to the Plaintiff’s
proposal as being for a “Limited Stay”.

52 The Plaintiff submitted that notwithstanding the constitution of the SJ
Limitation Fund, neither the Chinese courts (which dismissed the Defendant’s
Chinese ASI Application) nor Chinese law constrained the Plaintiff from suing
outside the PRC to obtain security for its claim. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at paras 22–26, 31 and 42–43; 2nd PWS at paras 7–8 and 24–25.

On that basis:

(a) It is not contrary to international comity to order the retention of the
SG Security. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PWS at para 26.

Instead, “it would be contrary to international comity” to order the return of
the SG Security, since obtaining the SG Security was permissible under the
Chinese limitation regime and “impliedly sanctioned” by the QMC’s ASI
Dismissal Ruling. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PWS at paras 29–30; 2nd PWS at para 25; NOA at p 9 lines 4–6.

(b) The Plaintiff would not be usurping the Defendant’s choice of limitation
forum by retaining the SG Security. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PWS at paras 4(a)(ii) and 44–48; 2nd PWS at paras 9 and 22.

(c) Allowing the Plaintiff to retain the SG Security does not amount to the
Plaintiff being doubly secured. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PWS at paras 4(a)(iii) and 49–55; 2nd PWS at para 28.

53 The Plaintiff submitted that there is no general principle that a shipowner
who has constituted a limitation fund in a “non-LLMC convention country”
should not be made to put up further security in another country for the same
collision claims. Putbus concerned whether security provided in England should
be released under s 5 of the Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners and
Others) Act 1958 (c 62) (UK), which implemented the International Convention
relating to the Limitation of the Liability of Owners of Sea-Going Ships 1957
(“1957 Convention”). The case has no bearing on whether the SG Security should
be retained under Singapore law. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PWS at paras 4(a)(i) and 33–38; 2nd PWS at para 21.

A Chinese limitation decree only limits procedurally the extent to which
claims can be enforced against the SJ Limitation Fund. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS at paras 38–41.

54 Next, notwithstanding that the Plaintiff has made oil pollution indemnity
claims in the Plaintiff’s Inter-Ship Claim and against the SJ Limitation Fund,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NOA at p 30 lines 23–31; GD at [159].

the Plaintiff submitted that it is “unclear” under Chinese law whether oil
pollution indemnity claims would fall within the SJ Limitation Fund. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

2nd PWS at para 29; NOA at p 12 lines 1–5.

Thus, if the SG Security were returned, the Plaintiff may be losing security
for its oil pollution indemnity claims. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NOA at p 11 lines 20–28.

The Plaintiff argued that the SG Security should be retained to cover that
risk. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NOA at p 29 lines 5–6.

55 The Plaintiff also raised a new argument in RA 246 that, following the
QMC’s administrative ruling on 16 November 2023 granting the Qingdao Maritime
Safety Administration’s application for execution of its penalty of
RMB691,514,694.37 (approximately US$97.1m) (“QMC’s Administrative Ruling”),
“such penalty will also effectively wipe out [the] SJ Limitation Fund” which
stands in the amount of US$6.1m. This would leave the Plaintiff with “no
possibility of recovery” against the SJ Limitation Fund if it is successful in
the Plaintiff’s Inter-Ship Claim for US$112.3m. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at para 52; 2nd PWS at para 28.

56 Belatedly, one week after the hearing of these appeals, the Plaintiff wrote
to court asking to tender submissions “on authorities in relation to the
court’s power and discretion at common law to order the retention of security
where a stay of in rem proceedings is granted on forum non conveniens
grounds”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Letter from AsiaLegal LLC to court dated 19 January 2024.

The Plaintiff had already filed two sets of written submissions for, and been
heard at a full-day hearing of, these appeals. I gave the Plaintiff a final
opportunity to tender short written submissions limited to the point stated in
its letter. The Plaintiff then advanced another new argument that, applying
the “Rena K principle”, the SG Security should be retained because it is
unlikely that any Chinese judgment obtained by the Plaintiff will be satisfied
and there is thus a possibility that the forum non conveniens stay will be
lifted for the Plaintiff to obtain judgment in the Singapore in rem action to
satisfy itself out of the SG Security. The Plaintiff also purported to rely on
new evidence not adduced in SUM 4434 for its new argument. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Supplemental Submissions dated 25 January 2024 (“3rd PWS”).

The Defendant’s case

57 First, the Defendant submitted that as the Singapore action is stayed,
there is “no cause of action to enforce the [SG] Security against” and no
legal basis for the Plaintiff to retain the SG Security. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 22 December 2023 (“DWS”) at paras 73–76.

The Plaintiff cannot rely on the QMC proceedings to retain the SG Security.
The “Eurohope” [2017] 5 SLR 934 (“Eurohope”) laid down the principle that the
Singapore courts will not order security obtained under an arrest to be
retained to satisfy a judgment given in foreign court proceedings. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DWS at para 77.

The practical effect of the Plaintiff’s argument that it intends to use any
Chinese judgment obtained to apply to the Singapore court for a Singapore
judgment and satisfy what it could not obtain from the SJ Limitation Fund out
of the SG Security, is no different from the Plaintiff directly seeking to
enforce the Chinese judgment against the SG Security, which Eurohope does not
permit. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DWS at paras 78–79.

58 Second, the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff would be doubly secured
by having claims against both the SJ Limitation Fund in the PRC and the SG
Security in Singapore. This disregards the legal rights granted to the
Defendant by the SJ Limitation Fund and should not be permitted by this court.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DWS at paras 83–86.

59 Third, the Defendant submitted that the retention of the SG Security would
go against international comity. It would be tantamount to this court making a
determination that the Chinese limitation regime is inadequate in assisting
the Plaintiff to satisfy its claims arising from the Collision. It is not for
the Singapore courts to decide if the amount prescribed by Chinese law under
the SJ Limitation Fund will do justice to the Plaintiff’s liability claims. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DWS at paras 87–91.

60 As for the Plaintiff’s new argument that the SJ Limitation Fund would be
depleted by the QMC’s Administrative Ruling, the Defendant argued that this is
a matter of Chinese law, but the Plaintiff has not adduced any Chinese law
expert evidence to substantiate its assertion. The QMC’s Administrative Ruling
is in any event irrelevant to the principles that the Singapore courts should
consider in determining whether the SG Security should be returned. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NOA at p 21 lines 1–6.

61 Finally, in respect of the Plaintiff’s new argument on the “Rena K
principle”, the Defendant submitted that the decision in The Rena K [1979] QB
377 (“Rena K”) related to mandatory stays in favour of foreign arbitration
proceedings pursuant to s 1(1) of the Arbitration Act 1975 (c 3) (UK), where
the arresting party had no security in the arbitration proceedings. The “Rena
K principle” was “formulated to protect a claimant’s right to obtain security
by arrest of a vessel in in rem proceedings, even where those in rem
proceedings had been stayed in favour of arbitration in a foreign
jurisdiction”. The principle “allowed the court to order security to be
retained in favour of the arresting party, who may well be at risk of not
being able to enforce that (foreign) arbitral award in its favour”. Rena K has
no relevance to the present case concerning a forum non conveniens stay where
the court must consider factors such as international comity in view of the SJ
Limitation Fund established in the PRC. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Submissions dated 2 February 2024 at para 8.

Decision

62 I decline to order the Limited Stay and/or to allow the retention of the SG
Security for four main reasons, which I will develop:

(a) First, what the Plaintiff seeks is tantamount to retaining the SG Security
to secure foreign proceedings. This is not permitted.

(b) Second, what the Plaintiff seeks is effectively premised on treating the
Singapore limitation regime as superior to the Chinese limitation regime by
reason of the higher limit of liability available under the former. This is
contrary to the Singapore courts’ approach, based on international comity, in
such matters.

(c) Third, what the Plaintiff seeks is incongruent with the forum non
conveniens stay that has been granted.

(d) Fourth, what the Plaintiff seeks effectively undermines the Defendant’s
right to claim limitation in a forum of its choice, while doubly securing the
Plaintiff. This is unjust.

Impermissible to retain the SG Security to secure foreign proceedings

63 In my view, there is no disguising the fact that what the Plaintiff truly
and effectively seeks is the retention of the SG Security for the satisfaction
of any Chinese judgment it might obtain in the Chinese proceedings. The
Plaintiff’s true intention is most evident from the Plaintiff’s counsel’s oral
submission that if the SG Security were cancelled, the Plaintiff may lose its
security for its oil pollution indemnity claims 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NOA at p 11 lines 20–28.

and the SG Security should be retained to cover that risk. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NOA at p 29 lines 2–6.

To recapitulate, the Plaintiff has made oil pollution indemnity claims against
the Defendant in the Plaintiff’s Inter-Ship Claim before the QMC. The
Plaintiff says it is “unclear” under Chinese law whether its oil pollution
indemnity claims would be compensated out of the SJ Limitation Fund (see [54]
above). In other words, and consistent with how the Plaintiff’s counsel
candidly put it, the Plaintiff wants to retain the SG Security to satisfy any
judgment it might obtain from the QMC on its oil pollution indemnity claims.
In truth, this intention extends to the Plaintiff seeking to retain the SG
Security to satisfy any judgment the Plaintiff might obtain on all of its
claims in the Chinese proceedings.

64 However, in an admiralty action in rem, the Singapore court should not
order the arrest of a vessel, retention of that arrested vessel, or retention
of security furnished for the release of that vessel, for the purpose of
securing a foreign judgment or award: The “ICL Raja Mahendra” [1998] 2 SLR(R)
922 at [22]; Eurohope at [25] and [28]–[29].

65 In Eurohope, the plaintiff had already commenced an admiralty action in
London for the defendant’s wrongful termination of a charterparty, when the
plaintiff arrested the defendant’s vessel “Eurohope” in Singapore. The
defendant furnished security for the release of the “Eurohope”. The plaintiff
admitted that it had no intention of proceeding with the Singapore action and
that the sole purpose of applying for the warrant of arrest was to obtain
security in aid of the London proceedings. The plaintiff applied to stay the
Singapore proceedings and for the security furnished by the defendant to
remain in force pending final determination of the London proceedings.

66 The court held that the power of arrest in an action in rem should not be
exercised in aid of legal proceedings in a foreign court. The purpose of the
arrest in an action in rem is to provide security in respect of the action in
rem (at [25]). Section 7(1) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), which empowered the Singapore courts on ordering a stay
of proceedings in favour of arbitration to also order that property arrested
be retained as security for the satisfaction of any arbitration award, was the
product of legislative intervention (at [27]). In contrast, there is no
statutory provision that empowers the Singapore courts to order that property
arrested be retained for the satisfaction of a judgment given in foreign court
proceedings. This differs from the position in the UK, where the court has the
power to do so under s 26(1) of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982
(c 27) (UK) (“CJJA”) (at [28]). Section 26(1) of the CJJA provides:

26.–(1) Where in England and Wales or Northern Ireland a court stays or
dismisses Admiralty proceedings on the ground that the dispute in question
should be submitted to the determination of the courts of another part of the
United Kingdom or of an overseas country, the court may, if in those
proceedings property has been arrested or bail or other security has been
given to prevent or obtain release from arrest –

(a) order that the property arrested be retained as security for the
satisfaction of any award or judgment which –

(i) is given in respect of the dispute in the legal proceedings in favour of
which those proceedings are stayed or dismissed; and

(ii) is enforceable in England and Wales or, as the case may be, in Northern
Ireland; or

(b) order that the stay or dismissal of those proceedings be conditional on
the provision of equivalent security for the satisfaction of any such award or
judgment.

The court concluded that legislative intervention in Singapore would be
required if the courts were to be given powers to order that property arrested
in an action in rem in Singapore be retained as security for the satisfaction
of a judgment given in legal proceedings in a foreign court (at [29]).

67 Applying the above legal principles, the Plaintiff should not be permitted
to retain the SG Security for the purpose of satisfying any judgment it might
obtain in the Chinese proceedings.

Contrary to international comity to retain the SG Security

68 The Plaintiff obviously recognised that the SG Security should only be
applied to secure a Singapore judgment in the Singapore action. In a veiled
attempt to skirt the restriction in Eurohope, the Plaintiff thus argued for a
Limited Stay of the Singapore action with attendant retention of the SG
Security. In my judgment, however, it would be contrary to international
comity to allow the Limited Stay with retention of the SG Security.

69 When considering whether to stay a Singapore action in favour of a more
appropriate jurisdiction, the Singapore courts’ approach is not to treat any
higher limit of liability available under Singapore’s limitation regime (as
compared to that in the other jurisdiction in question) as a juridical
advantage to the plaintiff in having his claim tried in Singapore. Comity in
not regarding Singapore’s limitation laws as superior to those of another
jurisdiction underlies this approach (see Reecon Wolf at [37] and [54]–[55]).
The Plaintiff strenuously argued that while these considerations apply in the
forum non conveniens analysis, they are no longer relevant and should not be
“conflated” with the issue of whether security should be retained after the
stay has been granted. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NOA at p 3 lines 7–10.

Yet, the precise reason the Plaintiff seeks the Limited Stay and retention of
the SG Security is that it wishes to avail of the higher limit in Singapore
(as compared to that under the Chinese limitation regime). In essence, the
Plaintiff wishes to satisfy out of the SG Security (the value of which is
pegged to the maximum that the Plaintiff would be allowed to claim under
Singapore’s limitation framework 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

GD at [108].

) what it will not be able to get based on its share of the SJ Limitation
Fund. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS at para 80; NOA at p 3 lines 22–23 and p 14 lines 11–13.

I agree with the Defendant that in these circumstances, retaining the SG
Security would be tantamount to an implicit finding that the Chinese
limitation regime is less adequate than that of Singapore. This would be
contrary to international comity.

70 My view on this point is reinforced by the Plaintiff’s reliance on the
dicta in the Australian case of Chou Shan at [36] (reproduced at [74] below)
as support for the Limited Stay and retention of the SG Security. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NOA at p 4 lines 1–3.

The Plaintiff’s reliance on this dicta, which is misplaced, exposes that the
Limited Stay sought by the Plaintiff is, in fact, premised (impermissibly
under Singapore legal principles) on treating the higher limit in Singapore as
a juridical advantage to the Plaintiff in having its claims tried here. I
elaborate.

(1) Chou Shan

71 Chou Shan is the decision of the Full Court of the Federal Court of
Australia (“Full Court”) concerning an appeal against the primary judge’s
decision to stay an in rem proceeding. A collision occurred between the ships
“Chou Shan” and “CMA CGM Florida” off the coast of China. The owners of the
“Chou Shan” successfully applied to the Ningbo Maritime Court to set up a
limitation fund. The owner and operator of the “CMA CGM Florida”, having filed
a writ in rem against the “Chou Shan” in the Federal Court of Australia
(“FCA”), caused the “Chou Shan” to be arrested in Australia. The “Chou Shan”
was released on her owners’ provision of security for the plaintiffs’ claims.
The “Chou Shan” and her owners then applied to stay the Australian proceedings
on the grounds, among others, that Australia was a clearly inappropriate forum
for the hearing and determination of the plaintiffs’ claims.

72 The primary judge granted the stay sought. He took into account the fact
that the plaintiffs had the benefit of increased security in the proceeding in
rem in the FCA. This benefit arose because the limitation amounts in
Australia, a signatory to both the 1976 Convention and the 1996 Protocol, were
higher than those in China, where the limitation regime was in substance based
on the 1976 Convention (at [9]). However, the primary judge did not consider
the benefit of increased security sufficient to undermine his conclusion that
the FCA was a clearly inappropriate forum, having regard to other factors such
as that the natural and obvious forum for all disputes relating to the
collision was China (at [35], citing from the primary judge’s judgment at
[158]–[160]).

73 The Full Court dismissed the plaintiffs’ appeal against the primary judge’s
decision. The Full Court agreed that the Australian limitation regime would be
considered a legitimate advantage of a plaintiff in an Australian action. It
found that the primary judge did not unduly discount the weight of this
juridical advantage to the plaintiffs and thus upheld his decision to stay the
Australian proceedings (at [82]).

74 However, the Full Court appeared to suggest, in dicta (at [36]), that the
plaintiffs could have argued before the primary judge for the Australian claim
to proceed “and be finalised, by access to the Australian security or
limitation fund” after the Ningbo Maritime Court had made its findings:

Before turning to the substance of the application, it is important to
recognise that the argument placed before the primary judge involved the
proposition that the plaintiffs proposed to run the claims in this Court. That
involved, necessarily, the spectre of parallel proceedings, in this Court and
in the Ningbo Maritime Court. Hence, the primary judge placed some importance
on the potentiality of inconsistent findings. No argument was run before him,
and the position was not taken below, by the plaintiffs, that two parallel and
competing proceedings should be avoided by managing the Federal Court action
to await the findings by the Ningbo Maritime Court, and when those issues
litigated between the parties were resolved, the Federal Court claim could
proceed, and be finalised, by access to the Australian security or limitation
fund. In other words, the case was not put to the primary judge that sought to
avoid or ameliorate the vexation of two factual hearings and the potential for
inconsistent findings, but to emphasise the retention of the significant
juridical advantage given to the plaintiffs by the security put up by the P&I
club for the maritime lien or the value of a limitation fund, if set up, in an
amount under the 1976 Convention and the 1996 Protocol under Australian law.
[emphasis added]

75 Later in the judgment, the Full Court again commented that a possible
approach could have been to manage and stage the proceedings “to vindicate
rights under Australian law” without the risk of inconsistent findings, but
whether or not that approach was still open (in view of the forum non
conveniens stay granted by the primary judge) need not be discussed (at [83]):

In a legal environment governed by Voth where a plaintiff had a legitimate
advantage in an Australian limitation of liability regime in the enforcement
of a maritime lien, in circumstances where the risk of inconsistent findings
in parallel proceedings could be eliminated, or at least significantly
ameliorated, it might be difficult to conclude that the Federal Court was a
clearly inappropriate forum. In this context, the managed and staged approach
in the Caltex case may well be a mechanism to vindicate rights under
Australian law without engaging the risk of the vexation of inconsistent
finding that may be unnecessary. Whether or not that approach is still open in
this matter need not be discussed. [emphasis added]

76 To provide context, the approach adopted in Caltex Singapore Pte. Ltd. and
others v BP Shipping Ltd. [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 286 (“Caltex”), which the Full
Court referred to, was to stay proceedings temporarily for issues of quantum
to be determined in the (foreign) natural forum, leaving the question of
whether there should be a final stay to be determined thereafter (at 300). I
discuss this judgment in greater detail at [82]–[83] below. At this juncture,
it suffices to note that the Full Court suggested the approach taken in Caltex
in dicta (at [83]).

77 The Plaintiff submitted that such an approach is similar to and embraces
the Limited Stay and retention of the SG Security sought by the Plaintiff. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NOA at p 4 lines 1–3.

What the Plaintiff ignored, however, is that a decision by the Australian
courts to decline a stay, or grant a limited stay, of a local action because
of the higher limit in Australia does not undermine international comity. This
is because Australia’s formulation of the test for forum non conveniens is
different from that of Singapore. Thus, what may legitimately be considered
under Australian law is not necessarily an approach the Singapore courts would
take.

78 The test for forum non conveniens in Australia is whether the Australian
court is a clearly inappropriate forum (Chou Shan at [46]). When the
Australian court declines a stay, or grants a limited stay, of the local
action because of the higher limit of liability available to the plaintiff in
Australia, the conclusion made by the court is that Australia is not a clearly
inappropriate forum. The Full Court in Chou Shan specifically acknowledged
that the Australian forum non conveniens test is not focused on whether
justice can be achieved in a foreign court (at [58]):

One other consequence of the clearly inappropriate forum test’s focus upon the
local court is the avoidance of what might be the difficulty or
inappropriateness of deciding whether a plaintiff will obtain justice in a
foreign court…

Because the Australian court is only pronouncing on the appropriateness of its
local forum, there is no concern that international comity will be undermined
by recognising the higher limit in Australia as a legitimate juridical
advantage.

79 In contrast, the Singapore and English test for forum non conveniens is the
Spiliada test, which concerns the staying of proceedings on the basis of the
existence of a more appropriate forum (Chou Shan at [48]). Where there is a
foreign forum that is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore
under the first stage of the Spiliada test, the inquiry at the second stage of
the Spiliada test is whether the plaintiff can show that it will not obtain
substantial justice in the foreign forum. Consequently, when the Singapore
court declines a stay, or grants a limited stay, of the local action because
of the higher limit of liability available to the plaintiff in Singapore, the
conclusion made by the court is that the plaintiff will be denied substantial
justice in the foreign forum with a lower limit. Recognising the higher limit
in Singapore as a legitimate juridical advantage is thus at odds with
international comity.

80 In fact, the Full Court in Chou Shan explained that the difference between
the Australian and English forum non conveniens tests is “of critical
importance to the place of the juridical advantage to the plaintiffs in the
local proceeding” (at [47]). The requirement in the Australian test to focus
on the local chosen forum and its asserted inappropriateness means that
juridical advantage in the local forum must play a greater part in the
analysis than it does under the Spiliada test (at [77]). The plaintiff’s
juridical advantage is assessed with other factors to determine whether the
local forum is a clearly inappropriate forum, and the juridical advantage is
not to be “compared in terms of abstract justices with the laws of the foreign
forum” (at [81]).

81 The Plaintiff’s reliance on the dicta in Chou Shan as support for the
Limited Stay is thus misplaced. The dicta of the Full Court must be viewed in
light of the Australian forum non conveniens test and the corollary that
international comity is not undermined when the Australian courts decline a
stay, or grant a limited stay, of a local action on the basis that the higher
limit in Australia is a legitimate juridical advantage.

(2) Caltex

82 I turn next to the approach in the English decision of Caltex, which was
cited by the Full Court in Chou Shan. Caltex concerned an allision in
Singapore between BP Shipping Ltd.’s (“BP”) vessel and a jetty owned, used and
administered by Caltex companies. BP set up a limitation fund in Singapore
that was based on the 1957 Convention then applied in Singapore. The Caltex
companies sued in England where the 1976 Convention (with higher limits)
applied. BP sought to stay the actions by the Caltex companies in England.

83 Clarke J (as he then was) accepted that Singapore was the natural and
appropriate forum for the trial of the action. However, he was of the view
that English public policy favoured applying the 1976 Convention and that
depriving Caltex of the higher limit would be depriving them of a “legitimate
juridical advantage” (at 299). He concluded that the most appropriate solution
(if either party were to seek it and it were possible in Singapore) would be
to stay the English action temporarily in order to enable the issues of
quantum to be determined in Singapore, leaving the question whether there
should be a final stay in England to be determined thereafter (at 300). Clarke
J’s decision in Caltex was, however, overruled by the English Court of Appeal
in The “Herceg Novi” and “Ming Galaxy” [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 454 (“Herceg Novi
(CA)”).

(3) Herceg Novi (QBD) and Herceg Novi (CA)

84 Herceg Novi (CA) was an appeal from Clarke J’s decision in The “Herceg
Novi” and “Ming Galaxy” [1998] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 167 (“Herceg Novi (QBD)”). The
case concerned a collision between the ships “Herceg Novi” and “Ming Galaxy”
in the Straits of Singapore. In Singapore, the owners of the “Ming Galaxy”
began admiralty actions in rem and in personam against the “Herceg Novi” and
her owners. In England, the owners of the “Herceg Novi” issued a writ in an
admiralty action in rem against the “Ming Galaxy” and served the writ on a
sister ship, the “Ming South”. The owners of the “Ming Galaxy” applied to stay
the English action on the grounds of forum non conveniens.

85 Clarke J, hearing the application in the first instance, reached a similar
landing as he had in Caltex. He considered that Singapore was the more
appropriate forum under the first stage of the Spiliada test but that a
relevant consideration under the second stage was that the owners of the
“Herceg Novi” (ie, the plaintiffs in the English action) would be deprived of
the benefit of the provisions of the 1976 Convention. This led him to hold
that the English action should be “temporarily” stayed (Herceg Novi (QBD) at
180 and 181).

86 On appeal, however, the English Court of Appeal allowed the appeal against
Clarke J’s decision. The English Court of Appeal held that it was impossible
to say that Singapore’s application of the 1957 Convention instead of the 1976
Convention meant that substantial justice was not available in Singapore. The
English Court of Appeal thus ordered an unconditional stay of the English
action (Herceg Novi (CA) at 460):

In our view it is quite impossible to say that substantial justice is not
available in Singapore, seeing that there is a significant body of agreement
among civilized nations with the law as it is there administered. The
preference for the 1976 Convention has no greater justification than for the
1957 regime. Loss in the cases we are considering will often be borne by the
insurers of one side or the other. The 1976 Convention provides a greater
degree of certainty, which they will perhaps welcome. But in terms of abstract
justice, neither Convention is objectively more just than the other. Our task
is not to decide whether our law is better than the law of Singapore. It is to
decide whether substantial justice will be done in Singapore. In our view it
will be. This appeal should be allowed, and an unconditional stay of the
English action granted. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In other words, having decided that the availability of a higher limit in
England could not, for reasons of comity, be considered a legitimate juridical
advantage to the plaintiffs in the local (English) action, the English Court
of Appeal granted a forum non conveniens stay on an unconditional basis. The
limited stays contemplated in Caltex and Herceg Novi (QBD) were rejected.

87 The foregoing review of cases shows that the limited stay approach
referenced in Chou Shan, Caltex and Herceg Novi (QBD) was premised on treating
the availability of a higher limit of liability in the local forum as the
plaintiff’s juridical advantage to be preserved. In Chou Shan, the Full Court
considered that there was room for this perspective under the Australian
“clearly inappropriate forum” test for forum non conveniens, but this is not
the test that applies in Singapore. This perspective in Caltex and Herceg Novi
(QBD) was rejected in Herceg Novi (CA) on the ground of international comity.
There is no basis for the Plaintiff to argue for a Limited Stay and attendant
retention of the SG Security when the Singapore courts share the view in
Herceg Novi (CA) that the availability of a higher limit of liability in a
particular jurisdiction is not a legitimate consideration in determining where
an action should proceed. This is evident from the Singapore decisions of
Reecon Wolf and Evergreen.

(4) Reecon Wolf

88 In Reecon Wolf, the plaintiff’s vessel and the defendant’s vessel “Reecon
Wolf” collided in the Straits of Malacca. The defendant commenced an in rem
action in Malaysia and the plaintiff commenced an in rem action in Singapore.
The defendant applied for an order that the Singapore action be stayed in
favour of Malaysia on forum non conveniens grounds. At that time, Singapore
applied the 1976 Convention and Malaysia the 1957 Convention.

89 The court considered that the plaintiff’s suggestion that Singapore was the
more appropriate forum was really based entirely on its desire to choose a
forum with higher limits under the 1976 Convention (at [35]). Having regard to
comity, the court roundly rejected the notion that the higher limit in
Singapore was a legitimate consideration, holding (at [37], [54] and [55]):

37 With judicial chauvinism firmly replaced by judicial comity, the dichotomy
of the limitation regimes that used to be fought out as a loss of juridical
advantage is now gone. It would be contrary to The Spiliada principles to look
favourably upon a party who selected a forum based solely upon the level of
damages that could be awarded or higher limits of liability.

…

54 … [the plaintiff’s counsel] argued that the dichotomy between the two
limitation regimes would leave the plaintiff disadvantaged if the Singapore
Action was stayed for Malaysia’s domestic law gave effect to the 1957
Convention. In other words, the plaintiff’s claim would be subject to the
lower 1957 limits of liability. This line of argument would invariably draw
this court to make comparisons between the merit of the statutory limits in
Singapore and [Malaysia]. I cannot be drawn into making comparisons between
the laws of this country and that of another friendly state to do justice in
such cases.

55 Second, the fact that the law in the alternative forum may be less
favourable to the plaintiff does not necessarily justify a dismissal of the
stay application on ground of forum non conveniens. As stated, the existence
of different limitation regimes is not considered a personal or juridical
advantage under Stage 2.

[emphasis added]

The court in Reecon Wolf further opined that although the case of Evergreen
concerned an anti-suit injunction, it was “instructive both in terms of
admiralty action in rem and international comity” (at [56]).

(5) Evergreen

90 In Evergreen, a collision occurred between the container vessel “Ever
Glory” and the car carrier “Hual Trinita” in Singapore waters. The plaintiff-
owners of the “Ever Glory” commenced a limitation action in Singapore against
all persons having potential claims arising out of the collision, including
the defendants, who were the owners or insurers of the cargo carried on the
“Hual Trinita”. The 1957 Convention applied in Singapore at the time. The
limitation decree was granted and the plaintiffs paid the limitation fund sum
into court. The defendants did not participate in the limitation proceedings.
Instead, they arrested the “Ever Reach”, a sister ship of the “Ever Glory”, in
Belgium and commenced an action in tort against the plaintiffs in Belgium as
the Belgian courts would apply a higher limit based on the 1976 Convention.
The plaintiffs furnished security for the release of the “Ever Reach” from
arrest. The plaintiffs then applied in Singapore for an anti-suit injunction
to restrain the defendants from continuing their action in Belgium.

91 The court granted the application and further ordered that the security
provided for the release of the “Ever Reach” be returned to the plaintiffs (at
[66]–[67]). The court accepted that admiralty jurisdiction in Belgium was
properly founded and that the defendants had arrested the “Ever Reach” as of
right (at [45] and [64]). Nevertheless, the Belgian proceedings were vexatious
and oppressive to the plaintiffs because they constituted an unlawful
challenge to the plaintiffs’ right to choose the limitation forum and an
attack on the plaintiffs’ legal rights conferred by the Singapore limitation
decree and limitation fund (at [46]–[47]). The court held that the advantage
of a higher limit under the 1976 Convention, as contended for by the
defendants, was not a legitimate consideration in the overall question of
where the ends of justice lie (at [49]). The court rejected the defendants’
argument that they would suffer a legitimate juridical disadvantage if they
had to make their claims in Singapore where the lower limit applied, citing
with approval Herceg Novi (CA) among other decisions (at [58]–[63]).

(6) Conclusion

92 In view of international comity, the Singapore courts will not be drawn
into any implicit pronouncement that the limitation of liability regime in
Singapore is superior to that of another jurisdiction. This is regardless of
whether that other jurisdiction applies a limitation regime based on an
international limitation of liability convention or its own domestic system of
limitation. As G Lam JA observed in Pusan Newport Co Ltd v The Owners and/or
Demise Charterers of the Ships or Vessels “Milano Bridge” and “CMA CGM Musca”
and “CMA CGM Hydra” [2022] HKCA 157 at [53], there is great diversity in the
limitation regimes implemented across the world:

… Whatever may be the merits of the international unification of limitation
regimes, the fact is that there is a complex patchwork around the world
consisting of, inter alia, 1976 Convention countries (with variations in terms
of reservations), 1996 Protocol countries (of which some have denounced the
1976 Convention and some have not), and countries who have ratified neither,
such as China (except for Hong Kong), United States, and, … Korea and Panama,
and who may or may not have their own domestic systems of limitation. …

It is not for the Singapore courts to adjudicate on the relative merits of
different limitation regimes, be they domestic systems or based on
international conventions, in comparison to Singapore’s limitation regime.

93 In the context of determining whether to grant a forum non conveniens stay,
comity manifests in the Singapore courts not treating the availability of a
higher limit in Singapore as a legitimate juridical advantage to the plaintiff
in having his claim tried in Singapore. By logical extension, comity mandates
that the Singapore courts not grant a limited stay that expressly allows the
plaintiff to later resume the Singapore action to avail of the higher limit
(and any security provided up to that higher limit) here. Otherwise, the
Singapore courts would be allowing through the back door what they have closed
off at the front. Indeed, the limited stay approach in Chou Shan, Caltex and
Herceg Novi (QBD) was predicated on precisely the converse consideration that
the availability of a higher limit in the local forum is a legitimate
juridical advantage to be preserved for the plaintiff. That is not the
principle applied in Singapore. The (a) forum non conveniens analysis; (b)
assessment of the nature and extent of stay to impose; and (c) determination
of whether to retain security provided for the local action upon the grant of
a stay, are part of the same continuum of decision-making in a forum non
conveniens stay application, to which the same considerations of comity apply.
Allowing the Limited Stay and attendant retention of the SG Security sought by
the Plaintiff would be contrary to comity.

94 The Plaintiff argued that it is not against comity to order retention of
the SG Security, and more startlingly, that it would be contrary to comity not
to order retention of the SG Security, because Chinese laws and the QMC’s ASI
Dismissal Ruling do not prohibit the Plaintiff from commencing proceedings
outside of the PRC to obtain security for its claim in respect of the
Collision. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PWS at paras 29–30.

I am not persuaded by this argument. Comity concerns the posture of the
Singapore courts. That the Plaintiff may not be constrained from suing outside
the PRC (which the Defendant does not dispute) does not impact, much less
negate, the Singapore courts’ considerations of comity set out in [92]–[93]
above. Further, taken to its logical conclusion, the Plaintiff’s argument
would mean that the court breached comity when the AR ordered the forum non
conveniens stay of the Singapore action (since, on the Plaintiff’s logic, it
was not prohibited under Chinese laws or the QMC’s ASI Dismissal Ruling from
commencing ADM 61). This would be an absurd position for the Plaintiff to
take, and it is telling that the Plaintiff has not challenged the grant of the
forum non conveniens stay on this ground (or at all).

95 I also take the view that the Plaintiff placed undue weight on the QMC’s
ASI Dismissal Ruling. I share the AR’s observations that the QMC had only
ruled that (a) the Plaintiff’s claim in the Marshall Islands did not violate
Chinese laws; and (b) there was no evidence that the Plaintiff’s behaviour, at
the time when the Defendant’s Chinese ASI Application was made, made it
difficult to enforce a judgment of the Chinese court. The QMC gave no reasons
for rejecting the Defendant’s Chinese ASI Application in respect of
proceedings in other countries 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

GD at [64].

and certainly did not encourage the Plaintiff to start other proceedings. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

GD at [65].

The Plaintiff pitched its case too high by arguing that the QMC’s ASI
Dismissal Ruling “impliedly sanctioned” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PWS at para 30.

the Plaintiff’s Singapore action.

96 On a procedural note, the Plaintiff has not appealed the forum non
conveniens stay order but at the same time seeks a Limited Stay. A forum non
conveniens stay and a “case management stay” (as the Plaintiff terms the
Limited Stay sought) are not the same thing. A forum non conveniens stay is
granted in recognition that there is a more appropriate jurisdiction than
Singapore for the trial of the same claims; barring exceptional circumstances,
it is envisaged that the Singapore action stayed on forum non conveniens
grounds will not continue. A case management stay, as its name indicates,
involves the court staying proceedings for case management purposes; such a
stay may be imposed on a temporary basis in view of other proceedings that are
not entirely the same as those before the court imposing the stay (see, eg,
Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung and others [2010] 1 SLR 1192 at
[41]–[47]). In Chou Shan, having upheld the forum non conveniens stay granted
by the primary judge, the Full Court indicated that whether or not the limited
stay approach was “still open” “need not be discussed” (at [83]). In the
present case, the Plaintiff did not explain how it can seek a Limited Stay
without appealing the forum non conveniens stay order and I remain to be
convinced that it can do so. Even assuming, however, that it is procedurally
open to the Plaintiff to seek the Limited Stay, I would not grant such a stay
for the above-mentioned reasons.

Incongruent to retain the SG Security under a forum non conveniens stay

97 Perhaps recognising that it is bound by the forum non conveniens stay, the
Plaintiff then raised a new argument in its latest written submissions that
the “Rena K principle” applied to permit retention of the SG Security
notwithstanding the forum non conveniens stay. I start by exploring the
genesis of the “Rena K principle”.

98 In The Golden Trader [1974] 3 WLR 16 (“Golden Trader”), Brandon J (as he
then was) explained that the usual consequence when an action is stayed is
that security provided in the action is released since there is no longer any
expectation of a judgment in the action to be satisfied (at 26F–G):

… The starting point… is that the court can only retain the security to
satisfy a judgment or a compromise in the action itself. It follows that, if
the court stays the action, so that there will, in all probability at least,
be no judgment or compromise in the action to be satisfied, it must then
release the security. Putting it shortly, if there is a stay, there must, as a
necessary consequence, be a release. … [emphasis added]

99 He observed that in cases where the grant of a stay is discretionary, the
court can subject the grant of the stay to a condition that alternative
security be provided (Golden Trader at 26G–H):

… In cases where the grant of a stay is discretionary, the court can refuse a
stay unless alternative security is provided. The defendant then has to choose
between having a stay subject to a term for the provision of such security and
not having a stay at all. If he chooses the former, then, subject to his
complying with the term, he gets both a stay and release; if he chooses the
latter, he gets neither. …

100 He held, however, that in the case at hand involving the grant of a
mandatory stay of the in rem action in favour of arbitration, to which no
conditions could be attached under the applicable English arbitration
legislation at the time, the order for the stay and the consequent order for
the release of the arrested vessel or security must be unconditional (Golden
Trader at 26H).

101 In the subsequent case of Rena K, Brandon J was again confronted by a
mandatory stay of the in rem action in favour of arbitration and it was in
this case that the “Rena K principle” was developed. In Rena K, cargo owners
commenced an action in rem against the vessel “Rena K” and in personam against
her owners, claiming for cargo damage during the shipment voyage. The
plaintiffs subsequently arrested the “Rena K” in Liverpool. The vessel was
released on the defendants’ provision of security. The defendants then applied
for a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration. The dispute fell within a
non-domestic arbitration agreement, and under the applicable English
arbitration legislation at the time, the court had to grant a mandatory stay
of court proceedings and the stay could not be made conditional on the
provision of security (at 400).

102 This being prior to the enactment of s 26(1) of the CJJA (see [66] above),
Brandon J observed (as he similarly had in Golden Trader) that, as a general
principle, “without some statutory authority which does not unfortunately at
present exist … the court has no jurisdiction to use the retention method,
that is to say to retain security not for the purpose of satisfying a judgment
or settlement in the action in which the security has been given, but to
satisfy the judgment or award of another tribunal” (at 402).

103 He noted, however, that in cases where the grant of a stay was
discretionary (for example, cases where the parties had agreed to submit the
dispute to the jurisdiction of a foreign court), the English courts had gotten
round the unavailability of the retention method by releasing the security
subject to a term that the defendant provide alternative security outside the
court to satisfy the judgment or award of the other tribunal (at 398 and 401).

104 Addressing the mandatory stay situation, he drew a distinction between (a)
the attachment of a condition to the release of the vessel, which was
permitted (at 404); and (b) the attachment of a condition to the order for a
stay of the action, which was not permitted for mandatory stays (at 400). He
further considered the principle that a cause of action in rem does not merge
in a judgment in personam but remains available to the person who has it so
long as, and to the extent that, such judgment remains unsatisfied (at 405).
On that basis, if an arbitration award were made against the defendants and
they were unable to satisfy it, the plaintiffs could have the stay of the
action removed and proceed to a judgment in rem in the action (at 406). In a
situation where it could be shown that the defendants would be unable to
satisfy the award and the stay might well not be final, the court could
exercise its discretion to retain the arrested vessel or to release her
subject to a term for the provision of alternative security (at 406). This
holding came to be referred to as the “Rena K principle”.

105 In my judgment, it is not appropriate to apply the “Rena K principle” in
the present case.

106 First, the Plaintiff’s argument that any Chinese judgment it obtains will
not be fully satisfied and the forum non conveniens stay will thus be lifted
for the Plaintiff to pursue a Singapore judgment to be satisfied against the
SG Security, is, in substance, no different from the Plaintiff’s argument that
a Limited Stay should be ordered for the Plaintiff to pursue the exact same
course for the exact same purported reason. The Plaintiff runs up against the
same difficulty that it is contrary to comity to entertain the premises of the
Plaintiff’s arguments. Rena K was a case concerning a stay of court
proceedings in favour of arbitration where, unlike the present case, no issue
of different limitation regimes in competing fora presented. Rena K does not
address the approach to be taken when a plaintiff’s argument is, in essence,
that it should be allowed to pursue the stayed action because of a higher
limit of liability in the local forum. In contrast, the Singapore courts’
position is to reject such an argument (see [69] and [88]–[93] above).

107 Second, the “Rena K principle” was developed to meet the needs of cases
concerning mandatory stays in favour of arbitration where no conditions could
be attached to the stay. In contrast, a forum non conveniens stay is
discretionary and the court may impose as a condition of the stay an in
personam requirement for the defendant to provide alternative / equivalent
security for the foreign proceedings (Reecon Wolf at [20] and [59(a)]; Golden
Trader at 26G–H). This option obviates the need to resort to the “Rena K
principle” and respects the restriction in Eurohope against retaining security
in a Singapore action for the satisfaction of a foreign judgment. Even in the
context of stays in favour of arbitration, there is no longer any need to
resort to the “Rena K principle”. The court in Front Carriers Ltd v Atlantic &
Orient Shipping Corp [2006] 3 SLR(R) 854 held that in Singapore, the enactment
of s 7(1) of the IAA (which empowered the courts on ordering a stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration to also order that property arrested be
retained as security, or alternative security be provided, for the
satisfaction of any arbitration award) effectively did away with the Rena K
test (at [28]).

108 In the present case, the Plaintiff does not want the provision of
alternative security for the Chinese proceedings and has not sought such a
requirement as a condition of the forum non conveniens stay. This is because,
as both parties’ Chinese law experts agree, provision of alternative or
equivalent security in the Chinese proceedings is unlikely to be well-received
by the Chinese courts not least given the existence of the SJ Limitation Fund.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NOA at p 3 lines 25–29 and p 4 lines 26–28; 3rd Affidavit of Zhao Jinsong
filed on behalf of the Defendant on 16 June 2023 at exh “ZJ-3”: 3rd Expert
Report at p 6 para 16, p 12 para 27 and pp 14–15 para 38; 2nd Affidavit of Chu
Beiping filed on behalf of the Plaintiff on 20 July 2023 at exh “CBP-3”:
Expert Opinion on Transfer of Security at pp 4–5 paras 6–10 and p 8 paras
18–19; 4th Affidavit of Zhao Jinsong filed on behalf of the Defendant on 16
June 2023 at exh “ZJ-4”: 4th Expert Report at p 1 para 5, p 7 para 22 and pp
8–9 paras 23(a)–(c).

It does not follow, however, that the SG Security should then be retained
instead, despite the forum non conveniens stay of the Singapore action.

109 Third, another difficulty arising from the “Rena K principle” being
developed outside the context of a forum non conveniens stay is that the “Rena
K principle” applies a different test to determine whether the stay on an
action may be lifted. The test under the “Rena K principle” is whether the
defendant would be unable to satisfy an award made against it (Rena K at 406).
In contrast, where a forum non conveniens stay is concerned, the stay would be
lifted only in the exceptional circumstance where a premise on which the stay
was granted turns out to have been mistaken: Rotary Engineering Ltd and others
v Kioumji & Eslim Law Firm and another and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 907
(“Rotary Engineering”) at [24]–[25]. In Rotary Engineering, the Court of
Appeal gave as an example of such exceptional circumstance a situation where
the Singapore court had assumed that another jurisdiction was available, but
it later turned out that that other jurisdiction was not willing to take
jurisdiction for some reason. In such a case, it would be open to the
plaintiff to come back to Singapore and seek the lifting of the forum non
conveniens stay (at [24]). However, the Court of Appeal stressed that the
court’s discretion to lift the stay would only be exercised in exceptional
circumstances which struck at the very basis on which the stay was granted (at
[25]):

… We emphasise, however, that the discretion to lift the stay would only be
exercised in exceptional circumstances which strike at the very basis on which
the stay was granted. Put bluntly, the court’s persisting discretion to lift
the stay should not be misconstrued as a standing invitation to litigants to
re-agitate settled issues in the event that they later encounter mere setbacks
or inconveniences in prosecuting their claims. [emphasis added]

110 The Plaintiff sought to apply the “Rena K principle” without being
sensitive to the above difference in tests for the lifting of a stay. As a
result, the Plaintiff’s arguments for the lifting of the forum non conveniens
stay do not cohere with the principles in Rotary Engineering. It is not the
Plaintiff’s position that the QMC will decline to hear the Plaintiff’s claims
in the PRC. Instead, the Plaintiff argued that it should be permitted to lift
the forum non conveniens stay to satisfy out of the retained SG Security any
Chinese judgment which the Defendant does not satisfy. However, the forum non
conveniens stay was not granted based on any premise concerning whether the SJ
Limitation Fund or the Defendant would be able to satisfy any Chinese
judgment. That any Chinese judgment obtained by the Plaintiff might not be
satisfied does not strike at the very basis on which the forum non conveniens
stay was granted.

111 Fourth, further and in any event, the Plaintiff has not established the
factual premise for its purported application of the “Rena K principle”, viz,
that the Defendant would be unlikely to satisfy a judgment obtained by the
Plaintiff in the Chinese proceedings. The Plaintiff alleged that any Chinese
judgment will not be satisfied in full or at all because:

(a) the QMC’s Administrative Ruling will “wipe out” the SJ Limitation Fund
(see [55] above); and

(b) “the Defendant was a self-admitted one-ship company which has since sold
its only asset being the [‘Sea Justice’]”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

3rd PWS at para 8.

112 These two allegations were based on new affidavit evidence that was not
adduced in SUM 4434 below. The new evidence surfaced in the following manner.
After the AR rendered his decision in SUM 4434, the Plaintiff filed HC/SUM
3559/2023 (“SUM 3559”) for a stay of execution of the AR’s decision pending
appeal. In support of SUM 3559, the Plaintiff filed a solicitor’s affidavit
(6th Affidavit of Liao Yanting) on 11 December 2023 enclosing in draft the 5th
Affidavit of Eleftherios Tsouris (which has not been filed to-date). The two
new allegations are contained in the draft 5th Affidavit of Eleftherios
Tsouris (“Draft 5th ET Affidavit”).

113 The Plaintiff placed the 6th Affidavit of Liao Yanting enclosing the Draft
5th ET Affidavit in the bundle of affidavits for the hearing of these appeals,
without making any attempt to justify why the new evidence should be
considered in RA 246 when it had not been raised in SUM 4434 below. Leaving
aside the procedural liberties taken by the Plaintiff, it is significant that
the two new allegations simply do not bear out that the Defendant is unlikely
to satisfy a judgment obtained by the Plaintiff in the Chinese proceedings.

114 The Plaintiff’s allegation that the QMC’s Administrative Ruling will “wipe
out” the SJ Limitation Fund is based on a single paragraph (para 15) in the
Draft 5th ET Affidavit: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

6th Affidavit of Liao Yanting filed on behalf of the Plaintiff on 11 December
2023 at exh “LYT-6”: draft 5th Affidavit of Eleftherios Tsouris at para 15.

… a recent administrative ruling by the [QMC] … on 16 November 2023 (the
“QMC’s Administrative Ruling”) granting the Qingdao Maritime Safety
Administration’s application for execution [of] its penalty of RMB
691,514,694.37 (which is approximately equivalent to USD 97,121,482.38), which
I am advised by the Plaintiff’s Chinese solicitors will wipe out the
limitation fund in the amount of … USD 6,110,162.96 … established by the
Defendant in the PRC. [emphasis added]

115 It is not evident from this one paragraph what the connection between the
QMC’s Administrative Ruling and the SJ Limitation Fund is. As the Defendant
rightly points out, this is a question of Chinese law. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NOA at p 21 lines 1–3.

This must be so since the assertion in the Draft 5th ET Affidavit that the SJ
Limitation Fund will be “wipe[d] out” purports to be made on Chinese law
advice. However, no Chinese law expert evidence was adduced to substantiate
this assertion. The bare assertion in para 15 of the Draft 5th ET Affidavit
was made by a lay representative of the Plaintiff. Accordingly, I do not
accept the Plaintiff’s argument that the QMC’s Administrative Ruling will
“wipe out” the SJ Limitation Fund as the argument was made without proper
evidential basis. In fact, the Plaintiff’s counsel conceded at the hearing of
RA 246 that this was based on his instructing solicitors’ advice but he was
not sure where it was expressly stated that the Qingdao Maritime Safety
Administration’s penalty would be settled out of the SJ Limitation Fund. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NOA at p 13 line 24–p 14 line 2.

116 Further, there is a distinction between, on the one hand, the Defendant
being unlikely to satisfy a Chinese judgment, and, on the other hand, the
Defendant exercising a legal entitlement to limit its liability under the
Chinese judgment to the sum in the SJ Limitation Fund. If the Plaintiff
purports to rely on the “Rena K principle”, the Plaintiff must show the
former. However, the Plaintiff’s true grouse is that it will recover less
under the lower limit in the PRC, and it thus wishes to avail of the higher
limit in Singapore by resorting to the SG Security. The “Rena K principle” was
not developed to cater for this latter situation.

117 As for the Plaintiff’s second allegation that “the Defendant was a self-
admitted one-ship company which has since sold its only asset being the [‘Sea
Justice’]”, this appears to be based on paras 13 and 14 of the Draft 5th ET
Affidavit. The Plaintiff’s suggestion here is that the Defendant does not have
the financial means to satisfy any Chinese judgment. However, this line of
argument strikes me as an afterthought. It was raised only in the Plaintiff’s
latest set of written submissions filed after the hearing of RA 246. At the
hearing of RA 246, the Plaintiff’s counsel made no submissions on the
Defendant’s financial means and even acknowledged that the Defendant may well
choose to pay off the Chinese judgment. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NOA at p 14 lines 19–20.

In any event, the evidence that the Defendant is a one-ship company that has
sold its vessel, ie, the “Sea Justice”, does not suffice to establish that the
Defendant would have no means to make payment. The “Sea Justice” was, in fact,
sold by the Defendant in or around September 2022, prior to the vessel’s
arrest. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1st YC Affidavit at para 7.

The Defendant nevertheless procured the funds to provide the security for the
release of the “Sea Justice”. -If the SG Security is returned to the
Defendant, the underlying funds would also be available to the Defendant for
the satisfaction of any judgment the Plaintiff may obtain. If the Plaintiff’s
insinuation is that the Defendant would be unwilling (as opposed to unable) to
make payment, that would require further proof of the Defendant’s lack of bona
fides, but no such evidence is before the court.

118 I come back, therefore, to the “starting point” referred to in Golden
Trader at 26F–G (see [98] above): given that there is a forum non conveniens
stay of ADM 61 with no demonstrated probability that there will be judgment in
the Singapore action, there must, as a necessary consequence, be a release of
the SG Security provided for the Singapore action.

119 Finally, I address the Plaintiff’s submission that Lord Goff’s dicta in
Spiliada at 483D–E and the case of Reecon Wolf support its argument that the
default legal position in cases where a forum non conveniens stay is obtained
is for the security obtained by a plaintiff to be retained. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2nd PWS at paras 3–4; 3rd PWS at paras 2–3.

I disagree that these cases support the proposition advanced by the Plaintiff.

120 In Spiliada at 483D–E, Lord Goff stated:

But the underlying principle requires that regard must be had to the interests
of all the parties and the ends of justice … For example, it would not, I
think, normally be wrong to allow a plaintiff to keep the benefit of security
obtained by commencing proceedings here, while at the same time granting a
stay of proceedings in this country to enable the action to proceed in the
appropriate forum. Such a conclusion is, I understand, consistent with the
manner in which the process of saisie conservatoire is applied in civil law
countries; and cf. section 26 of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act
1982, now happily in force. …

121 The phrase “keep the benefit of security obtained” is broad and could
refer to (a) retention of security provided in the local proceedings; or (b)
provision of alternative security for the foreign proceedings. Where retention
of security is concerned, Lord Goff’s comment must be viewed in light of what
is permitted under s 26 of the CJJA to which Lord Goff expressly referred. In
the absence of a provision mirroring s 26(1) of the CJJA in Singapore (see
[66] above), there is no basis to conclude from Lord Goff’s comment that the
default position under Singapore law is to retain security provided for the
release of an arrested vessel even after the Singapore action has been stayed
in favour of foreign proceedings. Where provision of alternative security is
concerned, it is uncontroversial that the courts can require a defendant to
provide alternative security for foreign proceedings as a condition of making
a forum non conveniens stay, as was done in Reecon Wolf (at [59(a)]); however,
the Plaintiff decidedly does not seek this. Spiliada and Reecon Wolf therefore
do not support the Plaintiff’s proposition that the default position under
Singapore law is for security to be retained in forum non conveniens stay
cases.

122 Spiliada also did not concern different limitation regimes in the local
and foreign fora and/or the defendant’s establishment of a limitation fund in
the foreign forum. Lord Goff’s dicta in Spiliada thus does not address the
present case where these factors are present. These factors engage
considerations of comity (which I have addressed), as well as the Defendant’s
right to claim limitation in a forum of his choice. On this last note, there
was also no mention in Reecon Wolf that the defendant had already constituted
a limitation fund in Malaysia or that the plaintiff was already otherwise
secured in Malaysia. The order in Reecon Wolf for the defendant to provide
equivalent security to satisfy any judgment the plaintiff may obtain in the
Malaysian proceedings thus did not result in the plaintiff being doubly
secured. This is in contrast to the present case where the Defendant has
constituted the SJ Limitation Fund. I turn to address the considerations of
fairness presented by the Defendant’s commencement of (and the Plaintiff’s
participation in) limitation proceedings in the PRC.

Unjust to the Defendant for the Plaintiff to retain the SG Security

123 It is established law that:

(a) A shipowner has the right to claim limitation by action or defence and/or
counterclaim: The “Volvox Hollandia” [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 361 (“Volvox
Hollandia”) at 370.

(b) Where the shipowner commences limitation proceedings, the purpose is for
him to obtain a decree in rem against all claimants for a single sum limited
to the amount of the limitation fund: Volvox Hollandia at 366.

(c) The shipowner’s right in a limitation action is to have all claims scaled
down to their proportionate share of the limited fund: The “Happy Fellow”
[1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 130 at 134.

(d) Crucially, the right to claim limitation in any particular forum is a
right that belongs to the shipowner alone and that choice is not to be pre-
empted by a claimant; a claimant cannot dictate where the limitation fund is
to be constituted: Evergreen at [47]; Volvox Hollandia at 370.

124 With these principles in mind, I take the view that allowing the Plaintiff
to retain the SG Security for the purpose of satisfying any judgment against
that security would effectively be compelling the Defendant to constitute a
limitation fund in Singapore, despite the Defendant having chosen (as was its
right) to claim limitation in the PRC. I agree with the AR that this would
undermine the Defendant’s choice of forum for its limitation action. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

GD at [150].

125 In oral submissions, the Plaintiff’s counsel stated that he took no issue
with the general principle that a shipowner has the right to choose his own
limitation forum. The Plaintiff’s counsel argued, however, that the shipowner
had to take all the consequences of his choice of forum. This meant that,
having chosen to limit in the PRC, where the Chinese limitation regime did not
prohibit the Plaintiff from bringing claims and arresting the “Sea Justice” to
obtain security outside the PRC, the Defendant had to live with those
consequences. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NOA at p 5 lines 8–14.

I do not accept this argument. In Evergreen, Singapore and Belgium were party
to different international limitation of liability conventions. Strictly
speaking, there was no law prohibiting the defendants in that case from
pursuing their action in Belgium despite the plaintiffs’ commencement of their
limitation action in Singapore. Notwithstanding that, the court in Evergreen
took the view that by litigating in Belgium, the defendants effectively
frustrated or subverted the plaintiffs’ choice of forum (Singapore) for
pursuing a limitation action (at [47]). While the Plaintiff in the present
case may not have been constrained by Chinese laws or the QMC from commencing
the Singapore action or arresting the “Sea Justice”, this does not change the
reality that by retaining the SG Security, the Plaintiff would effectively be
compelling the Defendant to constitute a limitation fund in Singapore and
undermining the Defendant’s choice to pursue limitation in the PRC.

126 Further, allowing the Plaintiff to retain the SG Security when the SJ
Limitation Fund has already been constituted would result in the Plaintiff
being doubly secured. While Putbus concerned the application of English
legislation to a specific set of facts and thus is not directly relevant to
the present case, there is Singapore authority indicating that it is, in
general, unjust for a party to have to provide double security.

127 In Evergreen, after ordering the anti-suit injunction, the court further
ordered the security provided for the release of the “Ever Reach” to be
returned to the plaintiffs, stating (at [67]):

As for the application to return the security provided in Belgium, the bank
guarantee was provided before the limitation fund was constituted. The arrest
and security provided to secure the release of the Ever Reach was therefore
consistent with the principle in The Wladyslaw Lokietek [1978] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
520. However, in view of my decision to grant injunctive relief, the security
is to be returned to the plaintiffs. [emphasis added]

In other words, after the constitution of the limitation fund in Singapore and
given that the Belgian proceedings would not continue, the security that the
defendants had obtained in Belgium (through the arrest of the “Ever Reach”
there) was to be returned to the plaintiffs. The defendants were not permitted
to be doubly secured.

128 In The “Blue Fruit” [1979–1980] SLR(R) 238, the respondent commenced an
action in rem against the owner of the vessel “Blue Fruit”. The respondent had
earlier commenced an action against the owner in the Yokohama District Court
where it caused a sister ship owned by that owner, “Universal Princess”, to be
arrested. Security was furnished and the “Universal Princess” was released.
The current owner of the “Blue Fruit” furnished security to obtain the release
of the ship from arrest and applied for all further proceedings to be set
aside or stayed on grounds that they were vexatious and an abuse of process
given that the respondent had commenced an action and obtained security in
Yokohama. The High Court refused the application. On appeal, the Court of
Appeal found that Singapore was the forum conveniens for the action and
dismissed the appeal but subject to the respondent’s undertaking to
discontinue the Japanese action and to discharge the Japanese security (at
[14]). While this case did not concern limitation, it demonstrates more
generally that it is not considered just for a party to be doubly secured.

129 In Reecon Wolf, where a condition of the forum non conveniens stay of the
Singapore action was that the defendant would provide equivalent security for
the Malaysian action, there was no indication that the defendant had already
constituted a limitation fund or otherwise provided security in Malaysia such
that the plaintiff would be doubly secured by the condition of the stay.

130 In circumstances where (a) the PRC is the natural and more appropriate
forum for the Plaintiff’s claims arising from the Collision to be tried; (b)
the Defendant has the right to choose where to claim limitation and has chosen
to do so in the PRC; and (c) the Defendant has constituted a limitation fund
in the QMC (ie, the SJ Limitation Fund) and the Plaintiff has registered its
claims against the SJ Limitation Fund, I find that justice does not warrant
allowing the Plaintiff to retain the SG Security following the forum non
conveniens stay of ADM 61.

Issue 2: Whether the arrest of the “Sea Justice” should be set aside

The Defendant’s case

131 At the hearing of RA 247, the Defendant’s counsel confirmed that the
Defendant was proceeding only on: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NOA at p 24 lines 17–23.

(a) The Plaintiff’s “positive misstatement” by way of the Additional Words
that the Plaintiff had reserved its rights on the QMC’s jurisdiction
(“Misstatement”). 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

GD at [122(a)].

(b) The non-disclosure of the 19 April 2022 QMC Hearing and the 27 May 2022
QMC Joint Confirmation which took place in the Inter-Ship Claims. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

GD at [122(c)].

(c) The non-disclosure of the constitution of the AS CLC Limitation Fund in
the QMC. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

GD at [122(d)].

132 The Defendant submitted that the Misstatement that the Plaintiff had
registered a claim against the SJ Limitation Fund with a strict reservation of
rights when it had not in fact reserved its rights on jurisdiction, should be
viewed together with the Plaintiff’s lack of disclosure on its active
participation in other proceedings in the QMC, especially those it had
initiated. These painted a distorted picture before the Duty Registrar that
the Plaintiff was allowed to arrest the “Sea Justice” in Singapore since it
had not submitted to the QMC’s jurisdiction and was not involved in the
proceedings in the QMC. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DWS at paras 55–57.

While the AR reasoned that the deficiency in disclosure did not change the
fact that the Plaintiff retained the right to apply for the Warrant of Arrest,
whether the Plaintiff retained that right is a separate inquiry from whether
there was non-disclosure of material facts. Non-disclosure of material facts
constitutes a ground, by itself, for setting aside a warrant of arrest. This
ground is not limited to the non-disclosure of material facts which go towards
in rem jurisdiction or in personam liability. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DWS at paras 61–64.

At the hearing of RA 247, the Defendant’s counsel accepted that the three
matters relied on by the Defendant (see [131] above) did not go towards
considerations of jurisdiction in rem. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NOA at p 24 line 2.

He submitted, however, that they were relevant because issues of different
limitation regimes in competing fora and forum shopping commonly arise in ship
collision cases. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NOA at p 33 lines 6–13.

133 The Defendant further submitted that the material non-disclosure was
deliberate and thus special circumstances are required for the court to
exercise its discretion against setting aside the arrest. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS at para 58.

These matters could not have slipped from the Plaintiff’s mind at the time of
making the Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DWS at para 56.

The Plaintiff had not put forth any cogent explanation for the inclusion of
the Additional Words and the lack of reference to the other proceedings in the
PRC. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DWS at para 59.

Instead, the inference must be drawn that the Misstatement was deliberate
because the Additional Words appeared in the English translation exhibited to
the Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit when there was no Chinese equivalent of the
Additional Words in the original Chinese document. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NOA at p 25 line 30–p 26 line 2 and p 33 lines 15–19.

The court should set aside the Warrant of Arrest in condemnation of the
Plaintiff’s material non-disclosure. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DWS at paras 55–60.

The Plaintiff’s case

134 The Plaintiff accepted that: 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NOA at p 29 line 16 and p 30 lines 4 and 10–11.

(a) A wrong English translation of the Plaintiff’s Application for
Registration of Claim against SJ Limitation Fund containing the Additional
Words was presented in the Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit and relied on in the
Arrest Application.

(b) The 19 April 2022 QMC Hearing and the 27 May 2022 QMC Joint Confirmation
were not disclosed in the Arrest Application.

(c) The constitution of the AS CLC Limitation Fund was not disclosed in the
Arrest Application.

135 However, the Plaintiff submitted that these matters were immaterial. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PWS at paras 4(c) and 57.

(a) The Plaintiff’s Chinese law expert, Prof Chu, had opined that since the
Plaintiff’s reservation of rights included a reservation of the right to raise
any substantive or procedural defence (see [30(b)] above), and since a
jurisdictional challenge is a procedural defence under Chinese law, an
accurate English translation without the Additional Words did not exclude the
Plaintiff’s reservation of rights to raise jurisdictional defences before the
QMC. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PWS at paras 66–67.

The AR rightly considered that the Plaintiff would still be able to challenge
the jurisdiction of the QMC even if it did not expressly reserve its rights on
jurisdiction. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

2nd PWS at para 34.

(b) The AR erred in finding that every proceeding before the QMC preceding the
Arrest Application hearing should have been disclosed. The Plaintiff’s
participation in the 19 April 2022 QMC Hearing and 27 May 2022 QMC Joint
Confirmation in the Inter-Ship Claims, which were at the stage of “pre-
litigation mediation”, would not have had any material bearing on the Duty
Registrar’s decision whether to issue the Warrant of Arrest. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PWS at para 70; 2nd PWS at para 33; 1st WY Affidavit at paras 38–41.

(c) The fact that NEPIA had constituted an oil pollution limitation fund (ie,
the AS CLC Limitation Fund) to protect the Plaintiff from third party claims
was also irrelevant to the Duty Registrar’s decision. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

2nd PWS at para 33.

(d) The Plaintiff’s lawyers had highlighted the Chinese proceedings, including
the Inter-Ship Claims and the QMC’s ASI Dismissal Ruling, at the hearing of
the Arrest Application. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PWS at para 71.

136 The Plaintiff further submitted that the use of the English translation
with the Additional Words was an “innocent and inadvertent error”. The
Plaintiff’s PRC lawyers had an outdated in-house English translation of the
Plaintiff’s Application for Registration of Claim against SJ Limitation Fund,
and this version was inadvertently provided to the Plaintiff’s Singapore
lawyers. This error came to the Plaintiff’s PRC lawyers’ attention in late
December 2022, and they notified the Plaintiff’s Singapore lawyers shortly
thereafter. The error was raised and explained by way of affidavit at the
earliest opportunity on 25 January 2023. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PWS at para 63.

At the hearing of RA 247, the Plaintiff’s counsel elaborated 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NOA at p 26 lines 17–30.

that the Defendant had filed a solicitor’s affidavit (1st Affidavit of Ng
Yuhui) on 13 December 2022 enclosing in draft the 1st Affidavit of Yu
Changqing (eventually filed on 18 January 2023), which pointed out the
erroneous translation. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

1st YC Affidavit at paras 26–28.

This is how the Plaintiff’s PRC lawyers discovered the error in late December
2022. The Plaintiff filed a solicitor’s affidavit (2nd Affidavit of Liao
Yanting) on 25 January 2023 enclosing in draft the 1st Affidavit of Wang
Yongli (eventually filed on 15 February 2023), which set out the Plaintiff’s
aforesaid explanation for the error. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

1st WY Affidavit at paras 28–29; PWS at para 63.

Relevant legal principles

137 It is settled law in Singapore that non-disclosure of material facts is an
independent ground for setting aside an arrest: The “Rainbow Spring” [2003] 3
SLR(R) 362 at [35] and [37]; The “Vasiliy Golovnin” [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994
(“Vasiliy”) at [84].

138 The test of materiality is whether the fact is relevant to the making of
the decision whether or not to issue the warrant of arrest, ie, a fact which
should properly be taken into consideration when weighing all the
circumstances of the case, though it need not have the effect of leading to a
different decision being made: Vasiliy at [85]–[86], citing The “Damavand”
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 136 at [30]. The test for materiality is objective: Vasiliy at
[87]. At the stage of an application for a warrant of arrest, the court is
concerned with disclosure of material facts which (a) are germane to
considerations of jurisdiction in rem; and (b) show that the application does
not constitute an abuse of the arrest process: The “Eagle Prestige” [2010] 3
SLR 294 (“Eagle Prestige”) at [74], [81] and [84]. The existence of foreign
proceedings in respect of the same claim brought in the local forum has been
held to be a material fact that should be disclosed as it would otherwise
obscure the inevitable consequence that proceedings in the local forum would
be stayed or that jurisdiction would be declined: Vasiliy at [98], citing The
“Kherson” [1992] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 261 at 268.

139 However, even where there has been material non-disclosure, the court
retains an overriding discretion whether or not to set aside the arrest:
Vasiliy at [84], citing The “Fierbinti” [1994] 3 SLR(R) 574 at [41]. In
exercising this discretion, the court will apply the principle of
proportionality in assessing the sin of omission against the impact of such
default. This requires a measured assessment of the material facts as well as
the circumstances in which the application for arrest was made: Vasiliy at
[84]. Where non-disclosure was deliberate, the court would exercise its
discretion not to set aside the arrest only in a special case: Treasure Valley
Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy and another (Ultramarine Holdings Ltd, intervener)
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 358 at [23].

Decision

140 It is undisputed that the three matters which are the subject of inquiry
(see [131] and [134] above) do not go towards jurisdiction in rem. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NOA at p 24 line 2.

Notwithstanding that, these matters would be material if they had a bearing on
whether the application for arrest was an abuse of process (Eagle Prestige at
[74], [81] and [84]), such as by reason of the arrest being sought for the
purpose of securing a foreign judgment (Eurohope at [25] and [28]–[30]). In
this connection, facts showing that Singapore is obviously not the forum
conveniens for the trial of the Plaintiff’s action may be relevant to the
propriety of the purpose for which the arrest was being sought, and in turn,
whether the Arrest Application was an abuse of process. In my judgment,
however, the three matters were not material, and even if they were, their
impact does not warrant setting aside the arrest of the “Sea Justice”. I
elaborate.

The Misstatement

141 The Misstatement, by way of the Additional Words, was to the effect that
the Plaintiff had expressly reserved the right not to accept the jurisdiction
of the QMC in respect of the Chinese limitation proceedings commenced by the
Defendant. The true position was that the Plaintiff’s express reservation of
rights clause did not mention the QMC’s jurisdiction. The Duty Registrar was
not apprised of this.

142 In a paradigm non-disclosure case, a fact is not disclosed, and the court
considers the counterfactual, viz, what impact disclosure of that fact would
have made. In my view, where a misstatement is made, the court should take a
similar approach of considering the counterfactual, viz, what impact
disclosure of the true position would have made. This approach finds support
in The “Nordglimt” [1987] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 470. In that case, the receivers of
cargo carried on a vessel commenced an action in rem and arrested a sister
ship, the “Nordglimt”. The plaintiffs’ claim was in respect of damage to and
shortfall of the cargo. The shipowners applied, among others, to set aside the
warrant of arrest on the ground that the plaintiffs had failed to disclose
material facts in their application for the issue of an arrest warrant. Two
bills of lading had been issued, one genuine and one false. In their
application, the plaintiffs had referred to and produced the false bill of
lading that incorrectly set out when the cargo was shipped and the quantity of
the cargo shipped. The court commented that this was more accurately described
as a case of misstatement than non-disclosure (at 473). Parties accepted that
the misstatement was due to an oversight and was not deliberate (at 473).
Parties also accepted that “if the true facts had been relied upon, that is to
say if the genuine bill of lading had been referred to … there would be
nothing wrong with the affidavit and … no reason for the Court to refuse to
issue the warrant of arrest” (at 473). The court considered what the impact on
the arrest proceedings would have been had the true / accurate position been
stated instead of the misstatement and concluded that the inaccuracy was
immaterial (at 474):

… The inaccurate facts did not enable the plaintiffs to obtain any relief
which they would not have obtained if they had stated the correct facts. The
inaccuracy was central to the description of the plaintiffs’ cause of action
but was immaterial in that with the substitution of the correct date and the
correct quantity of cargo loaded the position would have been precisely the
same as that they stated. The plaintiffs have not obtained any advantage by
misleading the court. It follows therefore that I will not set aside the
warrant of arrest on this ground and that any consequences are adequately
dealt with by an appropriate order for costs.

143 In the present case, the true position is that the reservation of rights
clause in the Plaintiff’s Application for Registration of Claim against SJ
Limitation Fund did not mention the QMC’s jurisdiction. I reproduce the
reservation of rights clause with the Additional Words stricken out to
demonstrate how the clause should have read on an accurate translation:

This Application for Registration of Claim is a procedural application made in
response to the application from Sea Justice Ltd for the constitution of a
limitation fund for maritime claims. The Applicant hereby declares that all
the matters described herein or referred hereto shall not be construed as the
Applicant’s acknowledgement of any facts or liabilities, or acceptance of
jurisdiction of your court or application of law, or waiver of any substantial
or procedural defenses. The Applicant also reserves the right to object to the
right of the Respondent to limit its liabilities and the limitation amounts.

As can be seen, the clause without the Additional Words is silent as regards
jurisdiction. It does not convey that the Plaintiff had in fact submitted to,
or would not be objecting to, the jurisdiction of the QMC.

144 I find that the true position in respect of the reservation of rights
clause is not a material fact as it is not relevant to the Duty Registrar’s
decision whether or not to issue the Warrant of Arrest. First, while the AR
took the view that an express reservation of rights not to accept the QMC’s
jurisdiction signalled an intent to proceed with the Singapore action, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

GD at [137].

I do not think that the converse follows. The actual wording of the clause,
sans any express reservation on jurisdiction, was simply neutral as regards
the Plaintiff’s stance on the QMC’s jurisdiction in the Chinese limitation
proceedings.

145 Further, the fact that the Plaintiff said nothing about the QMC’s
jurisdiction when reserving its rights in relation to the Chinese limitation
proceedings is not determinative of whether Singapore is the forum conveniens
for the trial of the Plaintiff’s liability claims in ADM 61. After all,
limitation and liability may, in principle, be tried separately (Volvox
Hollandia at 371).

Non-disclosure of the 19 April 2022 QMC Hearing and the 27 May 2022 QMC Joint
Confirmation

146 The 19 April 2022 QMC Hearing and the 27 May 2022 QMC Joint Confirmation
took place in the Inter-Ship Claims. Although the AR stated that the Inter-
Ship Claims were not disclosed to the Duty Registrar, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

GD at [124], [138(a)] and [139].

the parties are in agreement that the Inter-Ship Claims were disclosed in the
Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit and I find that this is borne out on a perusal of
the documents (see [30(c)] and [30(d)] above). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

2nd ET Affidavit at paras 22 and 23; NOA at p 25 lines 20–21.

Some confusion may have arisen in the hearing below because the term “Inter-
Ship Claim” was not used in the Plaintiff’s Arrest Affidavit although the
actions themselves were disclosed. In my view, the key fact relevant to the
Duty Registrar’s decision whether or not to issue the Warrant of Arrest was
the existence of the ongoing Inter-Ship Claims and this fact was disclosed to
him. The 19 April 2022 QMC Hearing and the 27 May 2022 QMC Joint Confirmation
related to certain submissions made and evidence tendered for the Inter-Ship
Claims (see [26] and [27] above). These events did not indicate that the
Inter-Ship Claims had progressed to an advanced stage. In fact, it is not
disputed that the Inter-Ship Claims were at the “pre-litigation mediation”
stage at the time. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

2nd YC Affidavit at para 26; PWS at para 70.

I therefore find that these two particular steps in the Inter-Ship Claims are
not material facts as they are not relevant to the Duty Registrar’s decision
whether or not to issue the Warrant of Arrest.

Non-disclosure of NEPIA’s constitution of the AS CLC Limitation Fund

147 The AS CLC Limitation Fund was established to address oil pollution claims
that third parties might have against the Plaintiff (see [14] and [18] above).
It does not pertain to the Plaintiff’s claims against the Defendant. In so far
as the Plaintiff claims an indemnity from the Defendant in respect of oil
pollution claims brought by third parties against the Plaintiff, these oil
pollution indemnity claims are part of the claims brought in the Plaintiff’s
Inter-Ship Claim and are registered by the Plaintiff against the SJ Limitation
Fund. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NOA at p 30 lines 23–31.

I therefore find that the constitution of the AS CLC Limitation Fund is not a
material fact as it is not relevant to the Duty Registrar’s decision whether
or not to issue the Warrant of Arrest. In this respect, I diverge from the
AR’s view that every proceeding in the QMC preceding the hearing of the Arrest
Application should have been disclosed. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

GD at [145].

Conclusion

148 Given my view that there was no material non-disclosure, there is no basis
to set aside the Warrant of Arrest. Even if I am wrong on the relevance or
materiality of any of the three matters, I consider that the impact of their
non-disclosure is marginal. As the key matters of the Defendant’s Chinese
limitation proceedings and the Inter-Ship Claims were disclosed, disclosure of
these three subsidiary matters would not have moved the needle on the Duty
Registrar’s decision. Were it necessary to decide, I would not, applying the
principle of proportionality in assessing the sin of omission against the
impact of default, exercise my discretion to set aside the Warrant of Arrest.

149 In light of my decision, there is no need for me to determine whether the
Misstatement and the other two non-disclosures were deliberate. However, as
the Defendant pressed its case that the erroneous translation giving rise to
the Misstatement must have been deliberate, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NOA at p 25 line 30–p 26 line 2.

I make the following observations. The Plaintiff’s explanation is that its PRC
lawyers had an outdated in-house English translation of the Plaintiff’s
Application for Registration of Claim against SJ Limitation Fund, and this
version was inadvertently provided to the Plaintiff’s Singapore lawyers (see
[136] above). The relevant inquiry would thus be whether the outdated
translation was deliberately provided, and not whether a mistranslation was
deliberately made, for the purposes of the Arrest Application. The Plaintiff’s
bare assertion that its PRC lawyers had inadvertently provided the outdated
translation to its Singapore lawyers, without further explanation of how the
asserted inadvertent error came to be made, is not ideal. In general, any
litigant claiming inadvertence to excuse a particular action should,
minimally, explain how and why the purported inadvertence came to pass. Having
said that, and returning to the present case, if the outdated translation was
deliberately provided by the Plaintiff’s PRC lawyers for the purposes of the
Arrest Application, that would be tantamount to lawyers setting out to deceive
the court. Were a determination necessary, I would, on balance, hesitate to
make such a finding lightly, without more evidence of such improper conduct.

Issue 3: Whether the disbursements allowed for the Defendant’s expert’s fees
should be further reduced

The Plaintiff’s case

150 The Plaintiff submitted that the AR erred in finding that only “a small
reduction of 20%” of Prof Zhao’s fees was warranted despite finding that Prof
Zhao’s evidence on the issue of submission to jurisdiction of the Chinese
courts could not be relied on as he gave a diametrically opposing view in
another case and provided no explanation for his change in opinion. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PWS at paras 4(b), 76–78; 2nd PWS at para 35.

The Plaintiff submitted that the work done by Prof Zhao in preparing his first
and second reports “should be entirely disregarded, or at the very least, that
a much higher reduction of 70%–80% should have been imposed on Prof Zhao’s
fees”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PWS at para 78; 2nd PWS at para 36.

The Defendant’s case

151 The Defendant pointed to Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital
Ltd and another [2022] 3 SLR 174 (“Kiri”) where the Singapore International
Commercial Court (“SICC”) held that expert witness fees are generally
recoverable as long as they are reasonably incurred (at [102]); and to Centre
for Laser and Aesthetic Medicine Pte Ltd v GPK Clinic (Orchard) Pte Ltd and
others and another appeal [2018] 1 SLR 180 (“GPK”) where the Court of Appeal
held that “the fact that an expert’s views were ultimately not accepted in
full by the court does not mean that the costs of engaging the expert were
unreasonably incurred” (at [96]). The Defendant submitted that while the AR
did not rely on Prof Zhao’s opinion on the issue of submission to
jurisdiction, it was within his discretion to find that Prof Zhao’s fees were
reasonably incurred. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DWS at paras 99–101.

Decision

152 In addition to the legal propositions cited by the Defendant at [151]
above, in GPK, the successful plaintiff was allowed to recover its expert’s
fees despite the trial judge rejecting the plaintiff’s expert’s method of
computing damages. The Court of Appeal held that the trial judge, who had the
benefit of hearing the expert’s testimony, found his costs to be reasonably
incurred, and the Court of Appeal saw no reason to disturb the trial judge’s
finding (at [96]). In Kiri, the SICC drew a distinction between the situation
where the costs associated with expert evidence were unreasonably incurred,
and a situation where the expert evidence was reasonably sought (and the
associated fees were reasonably incurred) but was eventually not accepted by
the court. In the latter case, the party would still be entitled to
disbursements (at [102]).

153 In the present case, the Plaintiff’s position is not that Prof Zhao’s fees
were excessive or unreasonable in amount, or that the costs were for work that
should not have been done in the first place. Rather, the Plaintiff’s
objection is that Prof Zhao’s evidence on the issue of whether the Plaintiff
had submitted to the jurisdiction of the QMC was inconsistent and was not
relied on by the AR in this respect. However, the AR also found that the issue
was not completely addressed by the Plaintiff’s Chinese law expert and
ultimately made no finding on whether the Plaintiff had submitted to the
jurisdiction of the QMC. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

GD at [82] and [99]–[102].

This issue pertained to the forum non conveniens analysis.

154 The forum non conveniens stay application is not the subject of challenge
in the appeals before me. I have not had to consider the parties’ Chinese law
experts’ opinions in relation to forum non conveniens issues. The person best
placed to make an assessment of the value derived from Prof Zhao’s opinions is
thus the AR. Particularly in these circumstances, due weight must be given to
his decision (see also Tan Boon Heng v Lau Pang Cheng David [2013] 4 SLR 718
at [22]). In my view, the AR undertook a reasoned and thorough assessment, in
line with the relevant legal principles, of the disbursements to be allowed
for Prof Zhao’s fees. I see no basis for interfering with the exercise of his
discretion. Further, no copy of Prof Zhao’s bill was placed before me in RA
246. This is all the more reason I should not interfere with the exercise of
discretion by the AR, who had reviewed Prof Zhao’s bill.

Conclusion

155 I dismiss RA 246 and RA 247. The AR’s orders that (a) the SG Security is
to be returned to the Defendant; (b) the Defendant’s application to set aside
the Warrant of Arrest is dismissed; and (c) the Plaintiff is to pay the
Defendant S$88,786.53 for Prof Zhao’s fees, stand.

156 Unless parties agree on costs, they should file their written submissions
on costs, limited to five pages, within one week from the date of this
judgment.

Kristy Tan  
Judicial Commissioner of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Timothy Tan, Gho Sze Kee and Liao Yanting (Asia Legal LLC) for the plaintiff
in ADM 61 / appellant in RA 246 / respondent in RA 247;

Loh Wai Yue, John Seow, Kunal Mirpuri and Gerry Zhang (Incisive Law LLC) for
the defendant in ADM 61 / respondent in RA 246 / appellant in RA 247.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Feb 2024 (10:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

