Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC(A) 4

Appellate Division / Originating Application No 57 of 2023

Between

Yong Kin Sen (administrator of the Estate of Loke Siew Kee, deceased)  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Gabriel Prieztiano Loke Jian Xun  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of District Court Appeal No 9 of 2023

Between

Yong Kin Sen (administrator of the Estate of Loke Siew Kee, deceased)  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Gabriel Prieztiano Loke Jian Xun  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Probate and Administration — Executors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yong Kin Sen (administrator of the estate of Loke Siew Kee, deceased)

  
v

  

Loke Jian Xun Gabriel Prieztiano

[2024] SGHC(A) 4

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 57 of 2023  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Kannan Ramesh JAD  
14 December 2023

31 January 2024

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 AD/OA 57/2023 (“OA 57”) is an application for permission to appeal against
the decision of a judge of the General Division of the High Court (the
“Judge”) given on 17 November 2023. For the reasons stated below, we dismiss
the application.

Background

2 There were eight brothers who held shares in Kian Hoe Loke Kee Pte Ltd (“the
Company”). The eight brothers were:

(a) Loke Soon Han (“LSH” or the “Deceased”);

(b) Loke Soon Seet (“LSS”);

(c) Loh Soon Yam (“LSY”);

(d) Loke Soon Yeow;

(e) Lok Soon Liong;

(f) Loke Soon Sim;

(g) Loke Soon Nam; and

(h) Loke Soon Chuan.

3 Gabriel Prieztiano Loke Jian Xun (the “Plaintiff”) is the son of LSH.

4 The Plaintiff claimed that in or about 2002, LSS had agreed to transfer
59,523 ordinary shares in the Company to LSH at the price of 10 cents per
share.

5 The Plaintiff also claimed that sometime in or about 2002, LSY had agreed to
transfer 16,087 shares in the Company to LSH at the price of 10 cents per
share.

6 LSH passed away on 21 November 2010. He had made two Wills dated 15 November
2010 and 16 November 2010 respectively.

7 LSH’s sister, Loke Siew Kee (“LSK”) was the executor of LSH’s estate.

8 On 18 May 2011, LSS’s 59,523 shares were transferred to LSH, and LSY’s
16,087 shares were transferred to LSH.

9 On 7 November 2012, LSK was granted probate of LSH’s estate based on the
first Will. It is not clear why the grant was based on the first Will, but
nothing material turns on this because parties proceeded on the basis that all
of LSH’s shares in the Company were given to the Plaintiff under the Wills
even though the first Will mentioned 59,523 shares only and it is the second
Will which mentioned “all” of LSH’s shares. Henceforth, for convenience, we
will refer to the Wills simply as the “Will”.

10 LSK sold all the shares in the Company which LSH held. She received
$398,715.22. She paid $189,357.61 to the Plaintiff but retained the balance of
$209,357.61 (the “Balance”). The Balance is the sum attributed to the 59,523
shares transferred by LSS to LSH and 8,044 shares transferred by LSY to LSH.
In other words, although LSY had transferred 16,087 shares to LSH, only 8,044
of those shares are in dispute (in addition to the 59,523 shares transferred
by LSS to LSH).

11 LSK declined to pay the Balance to the Plaintiff on the basis that the
59,523 shares still belonged beneficially to LSS and the 8,044 shares were
held by LSH for LSS. We refer to the total of 67,567 (ie, 59,523 + 8,044)
shares as the “Disputed Shares”.

12 As LSK declined to pay the Balance to the Plaintiff, he commenced action
against her as beneficiary of all LSH’s shares in the Company. After trial had
commenced but before its completion, LSK passed away. The administrator of her
estate is her husband, Yong Kin Sen (“Yong”). He was appointed by order of
court to represent LSK in the Plaintiff’s action. For convenience, we refer to
LSK or Yong as the “Defendant” unless it is appropriate to distinguish between
the two.

13 On 6 February 2023, a District Judge (the “DJ”) granted the Plaintiff
judgment for the Balance, interest and costs.

14 On 20 February 2023, the Defendant filed an appeal to the Judge who
dismissed the appeal. OA 57 is the Defendant’s application for permission to
appeal against that decision.

15 The main reason for the decision of the DJ and of the Judge pertained to
the bankruptcy of LSS.

16 On 24 March 2003, LSS was adjudged a bankrupt. On 20 March 2019, LSS was
discharged from bankruptcy.

17 As is evident from the above history, when LSS’s 59,523 shares were
transferred to LSH on 8 May 2011, LSS was already adjudged a bankrupt.
However, this transfer was not disclosed to the Official Assignee (“OA”) at
the material time. Neither was the OA informed at the material time that out
of the 16,087 shares transferred by LSY to LSH, 8,044 shares were supposed to
be held by LSH for LSS.

18 The Plaintiff alleged that the transfers of the Disputed Shares were
genuine sales for the stipulated consideration of 10 cents per share. In
response to LSK’s contention that the transfers were done pursuant to an
agreement with LSH to put the Disputed Shares out of reach of creditors, the
Plaintiff argued in the alternative that any such agreement was illegal and
hence unenforceable. The loss lies where it falls. The Plaintiff alleged that
soon after the 2002 share transfer agreements, LSS was adjudged a bankrupt on
the application by a bank creditor.

19 The Defendant pleaded that the share transfer agreements were entered into
in or around 2002 in anticipation of LSS’s bankruptcy (which eventually
occurred in 2003). However, in the Defendant’s closing submissions, the
Defendant argued that the share transfer agreement for LSS’s shares was
proposed “sometime in 1990-1995” and for LSY’s shares “was probably done in
1995”.

20 The DJ was of the view that the Defendant’s central position was that there
was a collateral oral agreement (between LSS and LSH) that LSS owned the
beneficial interest in the Disputed Shares because the share transfer
agreements were to put the Disputed Shares out of reach of LSS’s creditors.
The DJ was of the view that the Defendant’s pleadings precluded the Defendant
from arguing that the share transfer agreements were entered into in or around
1995 instead of in or around 2002 just before LSS was adjudicated a bankrupt.
The DJ concluded that the purported collateral oral agreement would be a fraud
on LSS’s creditors and therefore illegal. The DJ cited the factors mentioned
in the Court of Appeal decision in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and another
[2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting”) and decided that the Defendant should not be allowed
to rely on the purported collateral oral agreement in the circumstances.

21 There were other arguments which we need not address for reasons stated
below.

22 In summary, the Judge agreed with the DJ and dismissed the appeal.

23 In seeking permission to appeal, the applicant argues that the Judge made
errors of law. At this stage, we focus first on one of the alleged errors
which is couched as follows:

(d) Can an Executor in a Probate make a decision and act on the same in light
of competing claims to an asset of the Estate, especially if the Executor has
enough information to make a decision, or in the alternative, in what
circumstances can an executor make a decision.

24 As can be seen, this alleged error is framed as a question.

25 In summary, the Defendant contends that even though the Disputed Shares
were listed as part of the assets of LSH in the application for grant of
probate, the Defendant was not obliged to blindly follow the probate as the
Judge thought. Since the Defendant became aware that the Disputed Shares
belonged to LSS, she was entitled to withhold the Balance from the Plaintiff.
This was not a rash decision and the Defendant was doing the fair and right
thing for which the Defendant had nothing to gain.

26 In our view, this is the crux of the matter that the parties and the courts
below should have addressed specifically right from the beginning of the
dispute.

27 First, it is important to note that while an executor may have a view on a
claim by a beneficiary, the Defendant did not dispute that under the Will, the
Plaintiff was the sole beneficiary of all the shares of LSH in the Company.
Also, the Will does not say that some of the shares belong to another person.

28 Hence, if the Defendant had valid reason to believe that some of the shares
belonged to LSS, it was not for the Defendant to act on her own and resist the
Plaintiff’s claim for the Balance in respect of the Disputed Shares. To do so
would be to act contrary to the Will. Instead, the Defendant should have
sought clarification and directions.

29 Thus, the Defendant should have asked LSS formally if he was claiming
ownership of the Disputed Shares. If so, then the Defendant should have taken
out an interpleader application or an administration action or an application
to seek directions from the court.

30 Instead of doing so, the Defendant stuck to her position that LSS is the
rightful owner of the Disputed Shares as though she were the competing
claimant. The Defendant stresses that she had nothing to gain in doing so but
that is precisely the point. It was not for the Defendant to argue LSS’s claim
for him.

31 Hence, regardless of whether the oral collateral agreement was a fraud on
LSS’s creditors or any other argument raised by the Plaintiff or the
Defendant, the Defendant should have simply avoided contentious litigation by
seeking directions from the court, as mentioned. It is surprising to us that
this was not done by her or pursued by the Plaintiff at the earliest
opportunity. Directions could have been given by the court to ascertain from
LSS formally whether he was making a claim to the Balance and, if so, to give
directions, for example, for the Plaintiff to file an action naming LSS as the
defendant or for LSS to be substituted as the defendant in the existing
action, and, in either case, with the Defendant to confirm that she would
abide by the court’s decision thereafter.

32 As it is, there is no valid basis for the Defendant to continue to resist
the Plaintiff’s claim. For this reason alone, OA 57 is futile and should not
have been pursued at all.

33 In the circumstances, it is therefore unnecessary to address the other
errors of law alleged by the Defendant.

34 However, we mention that Ting was a case in which the plaintiff was seeking
to resile from an allegedly illegal agreement that had not yet been performed,
whereas in the present case, the share transfer agreements have been carried
out. What the Defendant is alleging is that LSH held the Disputed Shares on
trust for LSS thereafter. It is therefore not clear to us that this is a case
of contractual illegality. Be that as it may, as between LSS and LSH and his
representatives, the views expressed in Ting are still relevant but they
should be considered in the light of the elaboration in Ochroid Trading Ltd
and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another
[2018] 1 SLR 363 and the views expressed in Lau Sheng Jan Alistair v Lau Cheok
Joo Richard and another [2023] SGHC 196.

35 In the circumstances, we dismiss the application for permission to appeal.
The Defendant is to pay the Plaintiff costs fixed at $5,000 inclusive of
disbursements. The usual consequential orders apply.

36 In the light of the allegations that the Defendant made, we direct the
Registrar of the Supreme Court to inform the Official Assignee of the
allegations and leave it to the Official Assignee to take such steps, if any,
as the Official Assignee thinks fit.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
  
Jasjeet Singh s/o Harjindar Singh (Dhillon & Panoo LLC) for the applicant;

Foo Soon Yien and See Zhi Yan (BR Law Corporation) for the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

31 January 2024

Case summary

Yong Kin Sen v Loke Jian Xun Gabriel Prieztiano

Appellate Division – Originating Application No 57 of 2023 [2024] SGHC(A) 4

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Appellate Division of the High Court (delivered by Justice Woo
Bih Li):

Outcome: The Appellate Division of the High Court dismissed the application of
the defendant seeking permission to appeal against the decision of the judge
in the General Division of the High Court (“the Judge”). The Appellate
Division held that there was no valid basis for the defendant to resist the
plaintiff’s claim.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• If there are opposing claims by a beneficiary of an estate and by a third
party, it is not for an executor to dispute the claim by the beneficiary and
the executor should interplead or seek directions.

Background to the appeal and the material facts

1 Eight brothers held shares in a company (“the Company”), including one Loke
Soon Han (“LSH”), Loke Soon Seet (“LSS”) and Loh Soon Yam (“LSY”). The
Plaintiff is LSH’s son.

2 LSH passed away in 2010. Under LSH’s wills, all of his shares in the Company
were given to the Plaintiff. Loke Siew Kee (“LSK”), LSH’s sister, was the
executor of LSH’s estate. LSK sold all the shares in the Company but declined
to pay a portion of the sale proceeds to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff
commenced action against LSK in the District Court for the unpaid sale
proceeds. After trial commenced but before its completion, LSK passed away,
and her husband, Yong Kin Sen was appointed to represent LSK as the Defendant
in the action.

3 The unpaid sale proceeds corresponded to 67,567 shares in the Company which
were transferred to LSH on 18 May 2011 pursuant to two share transfer
agreements. The shares comprised 59,523 shares transferred by LSS to LSH and
8,044 shares transferred by LSY to LSH. According to the Plaintiff, these
shares were sold pursuant to a genuine sale of the shares in 2002. On the
other hand, the Defendant alleged that the 67,567 shares belonged to LSS. The
Defendant pleaded that the share transfer agreements were entered into in or
around 2002 in anticipation of LSS’ bankruptcy which occurred in 2003.
However, the Defendant argued in the Defendant’s closing submissions that the
share transfer agreements was entered sometime in or around 1995 instead.

4 The District Judge (the “DJ”) took the view that the Defendant’s central
position was that there was a collateral oral agreement in 2002, just before
the adjudication of bankruptcy of LSS, to put LSS’s shares out of the reach of
his creditors, and the Defendant’s pleadings precluded the Defendant from
arguing that the agreement was entered in or around 1995. The DJ concluded
that the purported collateral oral agreement would be a fraud on LSS’
creditors and illegal, and the Defendant should not be allowed to rely on it.
The Judge agreed with the DJ and dismissed the appeal.

5 The Defendant sought permission to appeal in this application, arguing that
the Judge made errors of law.

Decision of the court

6 If the Defendant had valid reason to believe that some of the shares
belonged to LSS, it was not for the Defendant to act on her own and resist the
Plaintiff’s claim for the Balance in respect of the Disputed Shares. To do so
would be to act contrary to the Will. The Defendant should have asked LSS
formally if he was claiming ownership of the Disputed Shares. If so, then the
Defendant should have taken out an interpleader application or an
administration action or an application to seek directions from the court (at
[28] – [29]).

7 It was not for the Defendant to argue LSS’ claim for him, and there is no
basis for the Defendant to continue to resist the Plaintiff’s claim. The
application is thus futile and should not have been pursued at all (at [30] –
[32]).

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Jan 2024 (12:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

