Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGCA 7

Court of Appeal / Civil Appeal No 4 of 2023

Between

(1)| Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Kheng Tek  
(3)| Goh Thien Phong  
  
… Appellants

And

| Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (In Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Court of Appeal / Civil Appeal No 4 of 2024 (Summons 22 of 2023)

Between

| Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (In Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Kheng Tek  
(3)| Goh Thien Phong  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Originating Summons No 858 of 2021

Between

| Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (In Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Kheng Tek  
(3)| Goh Thien Pong  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Proof of debt — Liquidators seeking to set-off
crossclaims as a basis for rejecting proof of debt — Whether liquidators
generally entitled to set-off all crossclaims in the proof of debt process]

[Res Judicata — Applicable principles — Creditor seeking a stay of the appeal
in Singapore — Whether res judicata arose in the decision of a liquidator of a
foreign company which was pending an appeal in another jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) and others

  
v

  

Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (In Liquidation) and another matter

[2024] SGCA 7

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 4 of 2023 and Summons No 22 of 2023  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Kannan Ramesh JAD, Judith Prakash SJ  
9 November 2023

5 March 2024

Kannan Ramesh JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 Can a crossclaim by a company in liquidation be accounted for in the
adjudication of an unsecured creditor’s proof of debt in circumstances where a
set-off is not available? Is the company in liquidation precluded from
exercising a set-off if it concurrently pursues the crossclaim by lodging a
proof of debt in the liquidation of the creditor in another jurisdiction?
These questions arose in the present appeal and raised squarely the
distinction between a set-off and a crossclaim by a company in liquidation.
These questions also highlighted the difference between a company exercising a
set-off against a creditor, and lodging a proof of debt in the creditor’s
liquidation, each of which engage different considerations and serve distinct
purposes.

2 Having considered the parties submissions, we answered these questions in
the negative, and dismissed both the appeal and the respondent’s application
to stay the appeal, with costs to the respondent. We set out our reasons
below.

Background

The parties

3 The first appellant, Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (“Kyen”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore principally involved in the trading of commodities
and foreign currency derivative instruments. It was wound up by the court on 5
August 2019 and Mr Chan Kheng Teck and Mr Goh Thien Phong, the second and
third appellants (the “Kyen Liquidators”) respectively, were appointed joint
and several liquidators. The appellants are collectively referred to
hereinafter as the “Kyen Appellants”.

4 The respondent, Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (“Feima”), is a company
incorporated in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”)
principally involved in the trading of coal and copper cathodes. Feima was
wound up by the Hong Kong Court of First Instance on 31 July 2019. Ms Yu Tak
Yee, Beryl and Mr Choi Tze Kit, Sammy were appointed joint and several
liquidators (the “Feima Liquidators”).

5 Kyen and Feima were members of a group of companies. Feima owned 86% of the
shares in Kyen and shared common directors with Kyen, namely Mr Chen Xi and Mr
Huang Zhuangmian. Also, under a Management and Administrative Services
Agreement, Feima agreed to provide Kyen certain management and administrative
support services. Such services included assisting Kyen to procure financing
and to supervise the sale and purchase of its assets.

Feima’s proof of debt in Kyen’s liquidation

6 On 26 June 2020, the Feima Liquidators notified the Kyen Liquidators that
Feima intended to lodge a proof of debt for about HK$385m in Kyen’s
liquidation. To facilitate this, the Feima Liquidators requested a copy of
Kyen’s statement of affairs. This, along with a proof of debt form, was
provided to the Feima Liquidators on 21 July 2020.

7 On 2 September 2020, the Feima Liquidators lodged a proof of debt for
US$49,355,996.30 which comprised various sums allegedly due from Kyen to Feima
for goods sold and delivered by Feima to Kyen; and payments made by Feima on
Kyen’s behalf. The proof of debt enclosed an extract of Feima’s audited
financial statements as at 31 December 2018, which reflected these
transactions as debts owed by Kyen to Feima, and a copy of the winding up
order made by the Hong Kong Court of First Instance.

8 Between September 2020 and June 2021, solicitors for the Kyen Liquidators
and the Feima Liquidators exchanged correspondence. A key issue in the
correspondence related to requests for evidence and information by the Kyen
Liquidators on two matters. First, the sum claimed in Feima’s proof of debt.
Second, a series of significant transactions between Kyen and various
companies which were not members of the group (the “Third-Party
Transactions”). On 18 March 2021, a list of questions was sent by the Kyen
Liquidators to the Feima Liquidators concerning the Third-Party Transactions.
The Feima Liquidators declined to answer those questions.

9 On 23 July 2021, the Kyen Liquidators rejected Feima’s proof of debt on
alternative grounds. First, that Kyen’s alleged crossclaims (the
“Crossclaims”) against Feima on the basis of the Third-Party Transactions
exceeded the claim in Feima’s proof of debt. The Kyen Liquidators alleged that
the Crossclaims were for “losses suffered by [Kyen] in [sic] certain
transactions … between [Kyen], on the one hand, and [third-party companies],
on the other, which ha[d] been caused and/or occasioned by [Feima]”. This was
the primary ground. Second, that there was insufficient evidence to support
the claim in Feima’s proof of debt to the extent of US$44,900,112.83. This was
the secondary ground.

10 On 13 August 2021, Feima appealed the rejection of its proof of debt by
Kyen to the General Division of the High Court in HC/OS 828/2021 (“OS 828”).

The decision below

11 OS 828 was heard by the Judge below (the “Judge”) on 6 October 2022 and
judgment was delivered on 6 December 2022. The judgment (the “Judgment”) is
reported at Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (in liquidation) v Kyen
Resources Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and others [2022] SGHC 304.

12 Before the Judge, as regards the Kyen Liquidators’ argument on primary
ground that the Crossclaims exceeded the claim in its proof of debt (see [9]
above), Feima argued that the Crossclaims did not provide Kyen with a legal
basis to reject its proof of debt. Three arguments were advanced, that: (a)
the proof of debt process only applied to resolve claims against a company in
liquidation, and not crossclaims by the company (see the Judgment at [37]);
(b) the Crossclaims did not satisfy the requirements for an insolvency set-off
(see the Judgment at [39]–[40]); and (c) it was incumbent upon the Kyen
Liquidators to show that they had attempted to pursue the Crossclaims in
separate proceedings (see the Judgment at [41]). As regards the Kyen
Liquidators’ argument on secondary ground that there was insufficient evidence
to support Feima’s proof of debt (see [9] above), Feima conceded that of the
US$49,355,996.30 claimed in Feima’s proof of debt, only the sum of
US$32,079,540.97 was being pursued (see the Judgment at [2]).

13 Before the Judge, the Kyen Appellants expanded on the two grounds for
rejecting Feima’s proof of debt. On the primary ground, the Kyen Appellants
contended that a liquidator was entitled to “account for” all crossclaims
against a creditor when adjudicating the creditor’s proof of debt in order to
determine the company’s “true liabilities” (see the Judgment at [30]). They
clarified that the Crossclaims were for US$159m and comprised: (a) a claim for
dishonest assistance arising from the Third-Party Transactions; and (b) a
claim for knowing receipt based on monies received by Feima from a third-party
company which the Kyen Appellants believed were traceable to certain contracts
(see the Judgment at [16(a)]–[16(b)]). On the secondary ground, the Kyen
Appellants’ broad contention was that there was insufficient evidence to
support the debt claimed in Feima’s proof of debt (see the Judgment at
[16(c)]). They also argued that a heightened level of scrutiny of Feima’s
proof of debt was warranted because Feima was the parent company of Kyen (see
the Judgment at [76]).

14 The Judge rejected the Kyen Appellants’ arguments. He allowed OS 828 in
part and admitted Feima’s proof of debt to the extent of US$32,079,540.97,
being the sum pursued by Feima before the Judge. On the primary ground, the
Judge held that the Kyen Liquidators were not justified in rejecting Feima’s
proof of debt as the Crossclaims involved complex disputes of fact (see the
Judgment at [62]). The Judge was of the view that (see the Judgment at [56]):

…

(a) First, while a liquidator is entitled to account from the proof of debt
any counterclaim/cross-claim, this can only be allowed where the factual
matrix is not complex such that it remains a matter of simple arithmetic, ie,
it is a straightforward matter of identifying the net balance of claims.

(b) However, if there are substantial disputes as to the existence and amounts
of the counterclaim/cross-claim which do require a complex web of facts and
issues to be untangled, then these must usually be resolved by way of a full
trial (or other mode of trial necessary for fairly disposing of the issues)
before the arithmetic can resume.

[emphasis in original omitted]

The Judge further held that the Crossclaims did not satisfy the requirements
for an insolvency set-off (see the Judgment at [65]). Finally, the Judge was
of the view that it was inappropriate to determine whether the Crossclaims
were made out as there was no basis in the first place for a set-off (see the
Judgment at [74]).

15 On the secondary ground, the Judge held that there was no need for
“heightened scrutiny” of Feima’s proof of debt as there was nothing to trigger
suspicion: the evidence presented by Feima supported the claim in its proof of
debt to the extent of US$32,079,540.97 (see the Judgment at [102]–[103] and
[133]). In addition, the Judge rejected the Kyen Appellants’ attempt to cast
doubt on the financial statements of Feima and Kyen, and the statement of
affairs provided by Kyen’s directors.

16 Dissatisfied, the Kyen Appellants brought the appeal.

The HK Proceedings and SUM 22

17 The appeal was initially scheduled to be heard in August 2023. On 13 July
2023, Feima notified the court that it intended to file an application to stay
the appeal because of certain developments that had taken place after the
Judge’s decision. The next day, Feima filed CA/SUM 22/2023 (“SUM 22”) seeking
the following orders: (a) a stay of the appeal in so far as it related to the
Crossclaims; (b) that Kyen be restrained from commencing or pursuing
proceedings anywhere else in the world in relation to the Crossclaims except
in the HK Proceedings (as defined below at [18]); and (c) further or
alternatively, that Kyen be required to elect between pursuing the appeal and
the HK Proceedings.

18 As things transpired, on 16 January 2023, following the Judge’s decision,
the Kyen Liquidators lodged a proof of debt in Feima’s liquidation for the sum
of US$159,308,190.27 based on the Crossclaims. Kyen’s proof of debt was
rejected by the Feima Liquidators on 25 May 2023. In the explanatory letter
accompanying the Notice of Rejection of Proof of Debt, the Feima Liquidators
stated that Kyen’s proof of debt was “not substantiated”, the Crossclaims were
“founded on a list of questions that the [Kyen Liquidators] had tendered to
Feima” (see [8] above), and “all that [Kyen] ha[d] established from that list
of questions [was] their own suspicions”. Kyen challenged the rejection in the
Hong Kong Court of First Instance (the “HK Proceedings”) in HCCW 309/2018
filed on 28 June 2023. Feima’s principal argument in support of the stay was
that as a result of Kyen placing the Crossclaims before the Hong Kong courts
by lodging the proof of debt and challenging its rejection in the HK
Proceedings, it was inappropriate for the same issue to also be considered in
the appeal.

Stay of the HK Proceedings and parties’ agreement to proceed with the appeal

19 However, in what was a reversal of Feima’s position that the appeal should
be stayed, the parties informed the court on 10 October 2023 that they had
consented to the HK Proceedings being heard on or after 11 December 2023.
According to Feima, the parties’ intention was for the HK Proceedings to be
heard only “after the resolution of the Singapore Court of Appeal’s decision
on SUM 22 and/or the hearing of [the appeal]”. Consequently, on 29 August
2023, the parties jointly filed a Consent Summons in the HK Proceedings for
the hearing, which was initially scheduled for 7 September 2023, to be
vacated. The application was granted by the Hong Kong Court of First Instance
on 30 August 2023.

20 The parties’ position made it unnecessary to deal with SUM 22. That said,
it was relevant to understand the implications, if any, of the Crossclaims
being an issue in both the appeal and the HK Proceedings. In the
circumstances, we directed that: (a) SUM 22 and the appeal be heard together
on 9 November 2023, and (b) the parties address us on the relevance, if any,
of the Crossclaims being an issue in both the appeal and the HK Proceedings.

Parties’ cases

The Kyen Appellants’ arguments

21 On appeal, two grounds were advanced by the Kyen Appellants. First, the
Kyen Liquidators were entitled to account for the Crossclaims when
adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt, regardless of whether there was factual
complexity. Second, the Kyen Liquidators were entitled to apply a heightened
level of scrutiny when adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt.

22 On the first ground, the Kyen Appellants argued that an account was
necessary in order to arrive at a net position on Feima’s claim. Two arguments
were advanced. First, as the Crossclaims gave rise to “circumstances tending
to show fraud or collusion or miscarriage of justice”, a liquidator was
entitled to account for them when adjudicating the proof of debt. The Kyen
Appellants submitted that precedent supported a liquidator’s right to account
for crossclaims generally and that such an account was consistent with the
policy that “adjudication is intended to be a comprehensive means of
discharging all debts and liabilities involving the insolvent company”.
Second, the Kyen Liquidators only needed to show the merits of the Crossclaims
on a prima facie basis as the “standard applicable to the Court’s
determination of whether rejection [of a proof of debt] should be allowed on
grounds of fraud or collusion is different”. The Kyen Appellants repeated
their submission before the Judge that the Kyen Liquidators had established
the merits of the Crossclaims on a prima facie basis.

23 On the second ground, the Kyen Appellants argued that a heightened level of
scrutiny was warranted because of the close relationship between Feima and
Kyen. Also, the documents presented by Feima did not support the claim in
Feima’s proof of debt. However, counsel for the Kyen Appellants, Mr David Chan
(“Mr Chan”), abandoned this ground at the hearing of the appeal, conceding
instead that the documents did indeed evidence the claim in Feima’s proof of
debt to the extent of US$32,079,740.97. This issue was therefore no longer
relevant.

24 Therefore, the sole ground relied upon by the Kyen Appellants in the appeal
to reject Feima’s proof of debt was that the Kyen Liquidators were entitled to
account for the Crossclaims when adjudicating the proof of debt.

25 The Kyen Appellants resisted SUM 22 on two grounds.

26 First, it was not vexatious, oppressive or an abuse of process for Kyen to
have lodged its proof of debt and challenged its rejection in the HK
Proceedings, while the appeal was pending. Doing so was necessary to preserve
Kyen’s rights in respect of the Crossclaims and obtain a determination on
whether Kyen was entitled to participate as an unsecured creditor in Feima’s
liquidation. This was a separate issue from whether the Kyen Liquidators were
entitled to account for the Crossclaims when adjudicating Feima’s proof of
debt. Accordingly, the HK Proceedings and the appeal were not duplicate
proceedings as the subject matters, statutory provisions, reliefs sought,
positions of parties, and material issues were different.

27 Second, the Singapore courts were the correct forum for resolving the
issues in OS 828 as Kyen was in liquidation here. The applicable statutory
provisions were found in Singapore legislation. It was therefore plain that
the Hong Kong courts could not determine whether the Kyen Liquidators were
entitled to account for the Crossclaims when adjudicating Feima’s proof of
debt. It was also for this reason that forum non conveniens could not be a
basis to stay the appeal. Lastly, the Kyen Appellants submitted that, where
the Hong Kong courts were not in a position to determine OS 828, Kyen and its
creditors would be prejudiced if the Kyen was compelled to elect to proceed in
one jurisdiction only.

Feima’s arguments

28 Feima submitted that the appeal should be dismissed for five reasons:

(a) First, the Judge correctly concluded that the Kyen Liquidators were not
entitled to account for the Crossclaims when adjudicating Feima’s proof of
debt. This was because the proof of debt process only served to resolve claims
against a company in liquidation and not claims by the company.

(b) Second, the Judge correctly concluded that insolvency set-off did not
apply to the Crossclaims. Additionally, the Kyen Liquidators were not entitled
to rely on any other forms of set-off in derogation from the pari passu
principle.

(c) Third, even if it was assumed that the Crossclaims could be taken into
account, the Kyen Liquidators had not proven the Crossclaims on a balance of
probabilities. The Crossclaims were based solely on an unanswered list of
questions posed by the Kyen Liquidators to the Feima Liquidators (see [8]
above).

(d) Fourth, the claim in Feima’s proof of debt had been sufficiently proved,
and the Kyen Liquidators did not have any basis for a heightened level of
scrutiny.

(e) Fifth, res judicata arose in respect of the Crossclaims. This argument was
initially made in relation to SUM 22. However, at the hearing of the appeal,
counsel for Feima, Mr Alexander Lawrence Yeo (“Mr Yeo”), raised it as a
substantive point in the appeal. As we understood it, his argument was that
the Kyen Appellants were estopped from asserting the Crossclaims as a set-off
against Feima’s proof of debt because the rejection of Kyen’s proof of debt by
the Feima Liquidators rendered the Crossclaims res judicata.

29 On SUM 22, Feima argued, among other things, that the doctrines of res
judicata and election supported a stay of the appeal. We note, however, that
these arguments were not pursued by Mr Yeo at the hearing of the appeal. This
was unsurprising given the parties had earlier informed the court that the HK
Proceedings would be heard “after the resolution of the Singapore Court of
Appeal’s decision on SUM 22 and/or the hearing of [the appeal]” (see [19]
above).

Issues on appeal

30 In view of the evolution of the parties’ positions in respect of SUM 22 and
the appeal, we considered the following issues:

(a) Whether the Kyen Liquidators were permitted to account for the Crossclaims
when adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt. In addressing this issue, we
considered the following sub-issues:

(i) whether any and all crossclaims may be set-off when adjudicating a proof
of debt; and

(ii) whether a crossclaim may generally be taken into account if it is a
matter of simple arithmetic.

(b) Whether res judicata and election precluded the Kyen Appellants from
pursuing the Crossclaims in these proceedings.

The Kyen Liquidators were not entitled to account for the Crossclaims when
adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt

31 We were of the view that the Kyen Liquidators were not entitled to account
for the Crossclaims when adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt. To understand the
point, it is helpful to begin with an explanation of the proof of debt process
and its interaction with claims by (as opposed to claims against) a company in
liquidation.

The proof of debt process and the availability of set-offs

32 The proof of debt process primarily serves as a means of enforcing claims
against a company in liquidation. It is the “substituted means of enforcing
debts against the company” [emphasis added] (see the Court of Appeal decision
of Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the
Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore) [2011] 3 SLR 414 at
[51]). Similarly, the process has also been said to be the “exclusive
procedure whereby a person claiming to be a creditor of the company and
wishing to recover his debt in whole or in part must ... submit his claim in
writing to the liquidator” (see Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter Woon gen ed)
(LexisNexis Singapore, 2023) (“Woon’s Corporations Law”) at para 6353). This
represents a shift from a grab race in which the swiftest creditors gain
satisfaction at the expense of the not-so-swift, to a “collective enforcement
procedure that results in pari passu distribution of the company’s assets”
(see Woon’s Corporations Law at para 6353; see also Andrew R Keay, McPherson
and Keay, the Law of Company Liquidation (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2021)
(“McPherson and Keay”) at para 13-002). Seen in this light, the proof of debt
process is properly understood as a process by which unsecured creditors
enforce their claims against the company. Subject to any permissible set-off,
it is not a process meant for the company to pursue claims against the
creditor.

33 Some crossclaims may be taken into account in the proof of debt process if
they qualify as permissible set-offs. On a general level, a set-off is “the
setting of money cross-claims against each other to produce a balance”; the
“essence of set-off … is the existence of cross-demands” (see Rory Derham,
Derham on the Law of Set-Off (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2010)
(“Derham”) at para 1.01). However, not all crossclaims qualify as set-offs
(see Derham at para 1.05), and certain requirements must be met for a set-off
to be permissible. As observed in American International Assurance Co Ltd v
Wong Cherng Yaw and others [2009] SGHC 89 (at [24]), set-offs have a “narrower
meaning than cross-claim[s]” and “[a]ll set-offs are cross-claims but not all
cross-claims are set-offs”.

34 An example of a crossclaim that is a set-off is an insolvency set-off. An
insolvency set-off is statutorily provided for and presently applies where the
company is in judicial management or is insolvent and is being wound up, if
the statutory requirements are satisfied. The salient provisions are presently
found in s 218 and s 219 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”), which came into force on 30 July 2020. Prior
to this, s 327(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Companies
Act 2006”) and s 88(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (the
“Bankruptcy Act”) were the operative provisions. These provisions were in pari
materia with s 218 and s 219 of the IRDA, save that the insolvency set-off
provided therein applied only to the winding-up of an insolvent company that
was being wound up. As Kyen was wound up before 30 July 2020 (see [4] above),
these provisions were relevant for the purpose of OS 828 and the appeal.

35 An insolvency set-off is an exception to the pari passu rule. To
illustrate, suppose an unsecured creditor lodges a proof of debt for the sum
of $1,000 and the company has a crossclaim against the creditor for the sum of
$500 that satisfies the requirements for an insolvency set-off. The crossclaim
for $500 must be set-off against the creditor’s proof of debt for $1,000. In
this way, the creditor gets satisfaction of its claim to the full extent of
the set-off, thereby illustrating the exception to the pari passu rule. This
contrasts with how, ordinarily, the unsecured creditor is only entitled to a
pro rata distribution of dividend based on the claim that has been admitted.
As the insolvency set-off is an exception to the pari passu rule, its ambit is
narrowly circumscribed by statute.

36 The policy justification for the insolvency set-off is explained by the
authors of Goode on Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law (Kristin van
Zwieten gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2018) at para 9-01, as follows:

… where parties have been giving credit to each other in reliance on their
ability to secure payment by withholding what is due from them, it would be
unjust, on the advent of liquidation, to deprive the solvent party of his
security by compelling him to pay what he owes in full and be left to prove
for his own claim. This has traditionally been the policy justification for
what is a clear exception to the pari passu principle, in that it allows the
solvent party to collect payment ahead of other creditors to the extent of the
set-off and thus puts him in a position analogous to that of a secured
creditor.

Similarly, it is stated in Edward Bailey and Hugo Groves, Corporate
Insolvency: Law and Practice (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2017) at para 26.44 that:

… Insolvency set-off is founded on the premise that a person who engages in
mutual dealings with another is entitled to rely on his debts due to that
other being a form of security covering the other’s debts due to him. Any
credit one trader may extend to the other is the less because of the debts he
himself owes. The law proceeds on the basis that it would be unreasonable in
these circumstances if, on insolvency, debts due to the insolvent had to be
paid in full, whereas debts due from the insolvent received only the dividend
payable on unsecured debts. …

37 Parenthetically, we also note that, besides the insolvency set-off, it has
been suggested in some Singapore decisions that other forms of set-off, such
as equitable set-off, are not excluded just because they are not provided for
in statute (see the observations of the General Division of the High Court in
Jurong Aromatics Corp Pte Ltd (receivers and managers appointed) and others v
BP Singapore Pte Ltd and another matter [2018] SGHC 215 at [141]). Indeed, we
note that there has been some academic commentary to this effect (see Derham
at paras 6.25–6.32). While we did see merit in this view, we decline to
express a firm view as the Kyen Appellants did not rely on equitable set-off.
The issue is best left for consideration in a more appropriate case.

38 With this in mind, we turn to the Kyen Appellants’ submission that the
Crossclaims may be accounted for in the adjudication of Kyen’s proof of debt.
The Kyen Appellants were careful not to characterise this as a set-off. They
instead described it as an account of the Crossclaims to arrive at a net
position on Feima’s claim. However, in substance, what they sought was to set-
off the Crossclaims against Feima’s claim in order to reject Feima’s proof of
debt. The Kyen Appellants’ argument that an “accounting” in the proof of debt
process is permissible should be correctly understood in this sense.

39 We were not persuaded by the Kyen Appellants’ submission. The only set-off
that was raised was an insolvency set-off under s 327(2) of the Companies Act
2006 read with s 88(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (see [12] above). However, it was
clear that the Crossclaims could not be the subject of an insolvency set-off.

40 For an insolvency set-off to be available, there must be mutual credits,
mutual debts or other mutual dealings. This is set out in s 88 of the
Bankruptcy Act, which provides as follows:

Mutual credit and set-off

88.—(1) Where there have been any mutual credits, mutual debts or other mutual
dealings between a bankrupt and any creditor, the debts and liabilities to
which each party is or may become subject as a result of such mutual credits,
debts or dealings shall be set-off against each other and only the balance
shall be a debt provable in bankruptcy.

[emphasis added]

41 There were no mutual credits, mutual debts or other mutual dealings as
regards the claim in Feima’s proof of debt and the Crossclaims. The
Crossclaims were, in essence, independent claims by Kyen against Feima. We
agreed with the Judge that the Crossclaims did not satisfy the requirements
for an insolvency set-off, and Mr Chan rightly did not challenge this finding
at the hearing of the appeal. Accordingly, the Kyen Liquidators were not
entitled to account for the Crossclaims by way of an insolvency set-off in the
adjudication of Feima’s proof of debt.

42 That left the question of whether there was precedent or policy that
supported the Kyen Appellants’ argument that liquidators had a general
entitlement to account for the company’s crossclaims against its creditor when
adjudicating the creditor’s proof of debt. We were of the view that there was
neither precedent nor policy that supported this position. To account for the
company’s crossclaims in the proof of debt process, the liquidator must
establish permissible set-offs.

Precedent did not suggest that the Crossclaims could be set-off

Whether all crossclaims may be set-off

43 The Kyen Appellants cited a number of authorities for the proposition that
liquidators were under a duty to ascertain the true liabilities of the company
and that a general account was necessary for this purpose. However, we were
not persuaded that these authorities supported this proposition. It suffices
for us to address the two most pertinent authorities.

44 The first is the decision of the High Court of Australia in Tanning
Research v O’Brien [1990] 91 ALR 180 (“Tanning Research”). The Kyen Appellants
relied on the following passage (at 185):

… The occasions when it is right to reject a proof of debt in respect of what
is not a true liability of the company may not be susceptible of exhaustive
definition. Perhaps some guidance may be found in the terms employed by
Barwick CJ in Wren v Mahony (1972) 126 CLR 212 at 223, in reference to the
grounds on which a court of bankruptcy will go behind a judgment:

Circumstances tending to show fraud or collusion or miscarriage of justice or
that a compromise was not a fair and reasonable one, in the sense that even if
not fraudulent it was foolish, absurd and improper, or resulted from an
unequal position of the parties (see Re Hawkins; Ex parte Troup [[1895] 1 QB
404, at p 409]) offer occasions for the exercise by the Court of Bankruptcy of
its power to inquire into the consideration for the judgment.

It is not necessary in this case to determine the scope of this qualification.
It suffices to note that it qualifies the principles governing the admission
or rejection of a proof of debt by arming the liquidator with grounds for
rejecting a proof of debt additional to any grounds available under the
general law. …

[emphasis added]

As the Crossclaims were based on allegations of fraud, collusion or
miscarriage of justice, the Kyen Appellants submitted that the Kyen
Liquidators were entitled and, indeed, required to account for the Crossclaims
when adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt.

45 It should be first noted that Tanning Research was not about a general
right to account. The proposition in Tanning Research was limited to
circumstances tending to show fraud, collusion or a miscarriage of justice (at
[185]). More importantly, Tanning Research was not about a crossclaim by a
company. The passage above concerned the question of when a liquidator could
go behind a judgment relied upon by the creditor as evidence of the debt. The
context was thus of a liquidator assessing claims against the company in the
proof of debt process. At its highest, Tanning Research stands for the
proposition that, in order to ascertain the company’s true liabilities, a
liquidator may “go behind a judgment” in certain circumstances, such as where
there has been fraud committed. Indeed, there is good reason why
“circumstances tending to show fraud or collusion or miscarriage of justice”
are relevant to a liquidator’s duty to ascertain a company’s true liabilities:
they indicate that the claim against the company in the proof of debt is false
and that there is in fact no debt. However, this does not mean that the
company’s crossclaims against a creditor that arise from circumstances tending
to show fraud, collusion or miscarriage of justice may be resolved in the
proof of debt process.

46 The Kyen Appellants also relied on Re National Wholemeal Bread and Biscuit
Co [1892] 2 Ch 457 (“Re National Wholemeal”), a decision of the Court of
Appeal of England and Wales. In that case, the applicant employee sought to
prove a sum of approximately £23 alleged to have been advanced by him on
account of the company. The liquidator rejected the applicant’s proof of debt
on the ground that he was indebted to the company in the sum of £64 for salary
that had been overpaid. The applicant raised two objections. First, that “the
liquidator has only jurisdiction to examine the proof of the creditor” and
“[i]f the liquidator has a disputed claim to a set-off, he cannot examine that
with a view to reducing the amount of the proof, but must give notice and have
the question properly tried” (at 459). Second, that although the liquidator
had disallowed the amount claimed by setting-off on the ground of a fraudulent
preference, the liquidator should instead have simply admitted the proof
“subject to such proceedings as the Judge might direct for the trial of the
question of the alleged set-off” (at 460). The liquidator argued that
“[i]ndependently of fraudulent preference, there is a good set-off to the
claim” (at 460).

47 Vaughan Williams J rejected the applicant’s objections. He was “against
[the applicant] on the question of fraudulent preference being a matter of
set-off”, and opined that “[the liquidator] may allow anything as a set-off
which is a matter of account; but he must not avoid or rescind an agreement”.
Williams J further stated that “[w]hen a company is being wound up, whether an
action is brought by the company or a proof is carried in by a creditor, a
set-off of a liquidated sum is always admissible”. The liquidator was entitled
to set-off the company’s crossclaims and “[t]he position of the liquidator is
very like that of a trustee in bankruptcy. He may allow anything as a set-off
which is a matter of account; but he must not avoid or rescind an agreement”
(at 460).

48 The Kyen Appellants argued that Williams J’s decision supported the
position that liquidators were entitled to account for the company’s
crossclaims even if there was a dispute in respect of those claims. They
submitted that the Judge erred in taking the view that Re National Wholemeal
did not apply to the Crossclaims as that case was limited to a situation where
the crossclaims were a “matter of simple arithmetic”, which the Crossclaims
were not (we consider this below at [52]–[53]).

49 We did not agree with the Kyen Appellants’ reading of Re National
Wholemeal. In our view, the case did not stand for the proposition that a
liquidator was entitled to account for the company’s crossclaims against the
creditor’s claim when adjudicating the creditor’s proof of debt, regardless of
whether a set-off was available. It is apparent from the passages cited above
that the case was about a set-off. The liquidator had rejected the amount
claimed by the employee on “[t]he principal ground of [a] set-off” [emphasis
added] (at 458). Further, counsel for the applicant in Re National Wholemeal
had also described the liquidator’s rejection of the amount claimed on the
ground that “the company has a right of set-off for a larger amount” [emphasis
added] (at 459). The headnote of the decision further describes the case as
one concerning the “Jurisdiction of Liquidator to consider Set-off”. Thus, the
assumption of the court and the parties in Re National Wholemeal was that the
crossclaim operated as a set-off with the issue being whether the disputed
crossclaim ought to have been tried, instead of the liquidator setting-off the
same when adjudicating the proof of debt. Significantly, the issue of the
permissibility of the set-off was neither raised by the parties nor considered
by the court.

50 It was also pertinent that subsequent decisions and commentary have not
considered Re National Wholemeal as authority for the proposition that the
liquidator had a general entitlement to account for all crossclaims when
adjudicating a proof of debt. Instead, the decisions that relied on Re
National Wholemeal cited it as authority for the principles governing the
costs of appealing against a liquidator’s decision in the adjudication of a
proof of debt (see Re Burnden Group Ltd; Fielding and another v Hunt (acting
as Liquidator of the Burnden Group Ltd) [2017] EWHC 406 (Ch)) at [20]; Re
Mendarma Pty Ltd (in liq) (No 2) (2007) 61 ACSR 601 at [31]; Re Kenworth
Engineering Ltd V [2005] HKCU 162 at [30(1)]). Similarly, in McPherson and
Keay, the decision of Re National Wholemeal is cited for the principle that a
liquidator is bound to examine every proof of debt lodged; in particular, the
liquidator is to examine if there is any possible right of set-off (at para
12-062).

51 Accordingly, we were not persuaded that the cases relied on by the Kyen
Appellants supported the proposition that all crossclaims may be accounted for
in the proof of debt process.

Whether the fact that the crossclaim is complex or a matter of simple
arithmetic is relevant

52 We briefly address the Judge’s view that a liquidator might account for a
crossclaim where it was a matter of simple arithmetic; on the other hand,
where the crossclaim was factually complex and substantially disputed they
ought to be resolved at trial (or such other modes for fairly disposing of the
issues) before the arithmetic could resume (see [14] above). As stated above
(at [48]), the Judge distinguished Re National Wholemeal on this basis as the
facts underlying the Crossclaims were in dispute and complex.

53 We agree with the Judge that, if the claim and crossclaim are not disputed
and a set-off is available, it is then a matter of simple arithmetic in
setting-off the crossclaim against the claim to arrive at a net position on
the claim. We also agree with the Judge that where the crossclaim is
substantially disputed and factually complex, it may be inappropriate for the
liquidator to summarily deal with it in the adjudication process. In such
circumstances, the liquidator ought to seek directions from the court on the
manner or mode by which the crossclaim should be resolved.

There was no policy reason in support of permitting the Crossclaims to be set-
off from Feima’s proof of debt

54 The Kyen Appellants submitted that allowing the Kyen Liquidators to account
for the Crossclaims would be consistent with policy. The Kyen Appellants
argued that the purpose of the proof of debt process was to ensure that all
claims against the insolvent company were comprehensively determined and
discharged, as long as the liquidators were capable of making a “just
estimate” of the quantum of the claims. The same policy should apply to the
company’s crossclaims, as the legislative policy of comprehensively
determining claims involving the insolvent company can only be achieved if the
company’s own claims can also be accounted for in the adjudication process.

55 We did not accept this argument. Even if the policy of the proof of debt
process was to comprehensively determine and discharge claims against the
company, it did not follow that the same policy applied to resolving claims by
the company. Such an approach ignores the fact that the adjudication process
is primarily designed to resolve claims against the company (see [32] above).

56 On the contrary, it is plain that only a limited class of crossclaims may
be accounted for in the proof of debt process (see [32]–[33] above). We have
specifically discussed earlier a type of set-off, namely insolvency set-off,
which requires certain statutory requirements to be satisfied. For reasons we
have already explained, as a set-off is an exception to the general regime
which treats the claims of unsecured creditors pari passu (see [35]–[36]
above), to allow a liquidator to set-off all crossclaims in the proof of debt
process would undermine the pari passu regime and erode existing safeguards.
Accordingly, there was no basis for the policy that the Kyen Appellants
contended for.

Concluding remarks on the first issue

57 For the reasons above, there was no basis in precedent or policy for the
Kyen Liquidators to account for the Crossclaims when adjudicating Feima’s
proof of debt.

58 We make two further points. First, we reiterate that we do not express a
conclusive view on whether insolvency set-off is the only form of set-off
permitted in the proof of debt process, to the exclusion of other forms of
set-off such as equitable set-off. For present purposes, we need only
emphasise that should this issue arise for determination in the future, any
set-off should be justified in principle as it is likely to have a significant
impact on the judicial management regime and insolvent liquidations. For
example, in cases where the crossclaim exceeds the claim in the proof of debt,
a set-off may result in the rejection of a creditor’s proof of debt.

59 Second, we emphasise that in dismissing the appeal, we do not express a
view on the merits of the Crossclaims. It is unnecessary for us to do so given
that the Kyen Liquidators were not entitled, in the first place, to set-off
the Crossclaims when adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt.

Res judicata and election did not prevent the Crossclaims from being litigated
in Singapore

60 In view of our conclusion that the Kyen Liquidators were not entitled to
exercise a set-off on the basis of the Crossclaims, it was not necessary for
us to decide whether the doctrines of res judicata and election prevented the
Crossclaims from being pursued here. We nonetheless express our views to
assist in the event that such issues arise in future.

61 Feima argued that the Kyen Appellants were estopped by the doctrine of res
judicata (whether by issue estoppel, cause of action estoppel, or the rule in
Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100) from pursuing the Crossclaims as
Kyen’s proof of debt was rejected by the Feima Liquidators. It cited four
decisions in support of that argument:

(a) The primary case that Feima relied on was the decision of the High Court
of England and Wales in Bank of Credit and Commerce International (Overseas)
Ltd (in liquidation) v Habib Bank Ltd [1999] 1 WLR 42 (“Habib Bank”), The
court held there that “if a person who claims to be a creditor has his proof
rejected but does not exercise his right to apply to the court, he cannot have
a second bite at the cherry by submitting another proof to the liquidator for
the same debt” (at 50). The court further held that the creditor also “cannot
have a second go by some other procedure instead” and that “[t]his conclusion
could be justified on the basis that there is an issue estoppel” (at 50).

(b) The second was the Court of Appeal of England and Wales decision in
Brandon v McHenry (1891) 1 QB 538, which was cited in Habib Bank as standing
for the proposition that where the creditor did not challenge the rejection of
the proof of debt in court when entitled to do so, the creditor cannot
subsequently seek to recover the debt by other means (see Habib Bank at 50F).

(c) The third was the Hong Kong Court of First Instance decision in Dayang
(HK) Marine Shipping Co, Ltd v Asia Master Logistics Ltd [2020] HKCU 494 where
Habib Bank was cited for the proposition that “[u]nless and until set aside by
way of an appeal, the decisions of the liquidator in rejecting a proof of debt
are binding for all purposes” (at [77]).

(d) The fourth was the decision of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in
Deluxe Developments Pty Ltd (in liq) v Downer EDI Engineering Pty Ltd [2017]
NSWSC 894 where the court expressed the view “that [the] right of set-off may
be the subject of a res judicata estoppel in Deluxe’s favour as a result of
the Liquidators’ rejection of the Proof of Debt” (at [28]).

62 These decisions were not relevant to the present case. They concerned a
single estate in liquidation and were about the consequences of a creditor’s
failure to challenge the rejection of the proof of debt lodged in that
liquidation in court. Importantly, none of the cases concerned a situation
like the present involving the liquidation of two estates based in different
jurisdictions. This point is significant as the Crossclaims were asserted for
different purposes in relation to each liquidation. We explain.

63 In Kyen’s liquidation, the Crossclaims were asserted by the Kyen
Liquidators as a set-off, albeit without basis, as we have found, in the
adjudication of Feima’s proof of debt. Feima challenged the Kyen Liquidators’
decision. As Singapore was the seat of Kyen’s liquidation, it was for the
courts here to determine whether the set-off was permissible. As regards
Feima’s liquidation, the Crossclaims were asserted by Kyen as Feima’s creditor
in the proof of debt process in Hong Kong. The proof of debt was lodged to
preserve Kyen’s right to participate in the pari passu distribution of the
proceeds of liquidation to Feima’s unsecured creditors. As Hong Kong was the
seat of Feima’s liquidation, it was for the courts there to determine whether
the rejection of Kyen’s proof of debt by the Feima Liquidators was correct.
Understood this way, the doctrine of res judicata was not engaged. The
Crossclaims were properly asserted before the Singapore and Hong Kong courts
for different purposes and the proceedings were distinct in nature. For the
same reason, the doctrine of election also did not arise.

64 The transnational nature of this dispute brings an added dimension to the
analysis. The HK Proceedings involved an appeal against the decision of the
Feima Liquidators in a liquidation governed by Hong Kong law, which contrasted
with this appeal which concerned the decision of the Kyen Liquidators in a
liquidation governed by Singapore law. This was an important point. In Merck
Sharp & Dohme Corp (formerly known as Merck & Co, Inc) v Merck KGaA (formerly
known as E Merck) [2021] 1 SLR 1102 (“Merck”), this court considered the
appropriate control or gatekeeping mechanisms to define the outer boundaries
of transnational issue estoppel. One of the identified limitations was that
transnational issue estoppel would not arise in respect of any issue which the
court ought to determine under its own law. This is consistent also with the
rule about questions of public policy being reserved to the forum court (Merck
at [55]). In our view, the Kyen Liquidators’ decision to set-off the
Crossclaims was a matter of Singapore’s law and public policy. We were
therefore of the view that any decision of the Hong Kong courts on the merits
of the Crossclaims could not bind the court in these proceedings.

65 Finally, in any event, the cases cited by Feima did not support its own
position that res judicata arises in respect of a creditor’s claim by reason
of a liquidator’s rejection of the creditor’s proof of debt based on that
claim. Instead, the cases stand for the proposition that, where a creditor has
failed to prove its claims in the proof of debt process and has exhausted the
proof of debt process (by, for instance, failing to take the liquidator’s
decision to court after the liquidator has rejected the proof of debt), the
creditor cannot enforce that claim by taking a different route. The rationale
for this proposition appears to be that an adjudication by the liquidator is
final and binding on the merits unless it is reversed by the court. We do not
express a view on this proposition as the issue did not arise on the facts.
Unlike the cases cited by Feima, the Kyen Appellants contested the decision of
the Feima Liquidators to reject Kyen’s proof of debt in the HK Proceedings,
which were pending. Thus, the present case was distinguishable from the
precedents cited by the Kyen Appellants.

Conclusion

66 For these reasons, we dismissed the appeal and SUM 22. In respect of the
appeal, there was no basis to challenge the claim in Feima’s proof of debt,
and no reason to allow the Kyen Liquidators to account for the Crossclaims and
reject Feima’s proof of debt on this basis. Accordingly, the Judge correctly
allowed Feima’s application to set aside the Kyen Liquidators’ decision to
reject Feima’s proof of debt and did not err in allowing the proof to be
admitted in the sum of US$32,079,540.97. We also dismissed SUM 22 as it was
otiose in view of the parties’ indication following the filing of the
application that they were content with proceeding with the appeal ahead of
the HK Proceedings. In any case, we see no merit in SUM 22.

67 We also fixed costs in favour of Feima at $50,000 inclusive of
disbursements.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Judith Prakash  
Senior Judge|  
  
Chan Ming Onn David, Fong Zhiwei Daryl, Lai Wei Kang Louis and Mo Fei (Shook
Lin & Bok LLP) for the appellants;

Alexander Lawrence Yeo Han Tiong and Edwin Teong Ying Keat (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

5 March 2024

Case summary

Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) and others v Feima
International (Hongkong) Ltd (In Liquidation) and another matter [2024] SGCA 7

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Justice Kannan Ramesh):

Outcome: The Court of Appeal dismissed an appeal against the decision of the
General Division of the High Court (the “General Division”) to admit a proof
of debt in the sum of US$32,079,540.97 and held that, where a set-off was not
available, the liquidators of the first appellant could not account for the
first appellant’s crossclaims against the respondent (the “Crossclaims”) in
the proof of debt process in order to arrive at a net position on the
respondent’s claim. The court also dismissed the respondent’s application to
stay the appeal in favour of proceedings in the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”), where the Crossclaims were asserted by
the appellants by lodging a proof of debt in the respondent’s liquidation
there. In doing so, the court set out its observations on the issues of res
judicata and election raised in the stay application.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• There was no precedent or policy that supported the position that
liquidators had a general entitlement to account for a company’s crossclaims
against its creditor when adjudicating the creditor’s proof of debt. To
account for crossclaims in the proof of debt process, a liquidator must
establish a permissible set-off: at [42].

• The doctrines of res judicata and election did not arise as the Crossclaims
were properly asserted by the appellants before the Singapore and Hong Kong
courts for different purposes and the proceedings were distinct in nature. In
Singapore, the Crossclaims were asserted as a set-off and it was for the
courts here to determine whether the set-off was permissible. In Hong Kong,
the Crossclaims were asserted by the appellants as the respondent’s creditor,
and it was for the Hong Kong courts to determine if the rejection of the first
appellant’s proof of debt by the respondent’s liquidators was correct: at
[63].

• The setting-off of the Crossclaims by the appellants were a matter of
Singapore’s law and public policy. Any decision of the Hong Kong courts on the
merits of the Crossclaims could not bind the court in these proceedings: at
[64].

Background

1 The first appellant, Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (“Kyen”) was a company
incorporated in Singapore. It was wound up on 5 August 2019 and the second and
third appellants were appointed joint and several liquidators. The appellants
are collectively termed the “Kyen Appellants”.

2 The respondent, Feima International (Hongkong) Ltd (“Feima”), was a company
incorporated in Hong Kong. It was wound up on 31 July 2019 and two individuals
were appointed as joint and several liquidators (the “Feima Liquidators”).

3 Kyen and Feima were members of a group of companies. Feima owned 86% of the
shares in Kyen and shared common directors with Kyen. Also, under a Management
and Administrative Services Agreement, Feima agreed to provide Kyen certain
management and administrative support services.

4 On 2 September 2020, the Feima Liquidators lodged a proof of debt for
US$49,355,996.30 which comprised various sums allegedly due from Kyen to Feima
for goods sold and delivered by Feima to Kyen; and payments made by Feima on
Kyen’s behalf.

5 Between September 2020 and June 2021, solicitors for the Kyen Liquidators
and the Feima Liquidators exchanged correspondence. A key issue in the
correspondence related to requests for evidence and information by the Kyen
Liquidators on two matters. First, the sum claimed in Feima’s proof of debt.
Second, a series of significant transactions between Kyen and various
companies which were not members of the group (the “Third-Party
Transactions”). On 18 March 2021, a list of questions was sent by the Kyen
Liquidators to the Feima Liquidators concerning the Third-Party Transactions.
The Feima Liquidators declined to answer those questions.

6 On 23 July 2021, the Kyen Liquidators rejected Feima’s proof of debt on
alternative grounds. First, that Kyen’s alleged crossclaims (the
“Crossclaims”) against Feima on the basis of the Third-Party Transactions
exceeded the claim in Feima’s proof of debt. The Kyen Liquidators alleged that
the Crossclaims were for “losses suffered by [Kyen] in [sic] certain
transactions … between [Kyen], on the one hand, and [third-party companies],
on the other, which ha[d] been caused and/or occasioned by [Feima]”. This was
the primary ground. Second, that there was insufficient evidence to support
the claim in Feima’s proof of debt to the extent of US$44,900,112.83. This was
the secondary ground.

7 On 13 August 2021, Feima appealed the rejection of its proof of debt by Kyen
to the General Division in HC/OS 828/2021 (“OS 828”).

8 OS 828 was heard by the Judge below (the “Judge”) on 6 October 2022 and
judgment was delivered on 6 December 2022. The Judge allowed OS 828 in part
and admitted Feima’s proof of debt to the extent of US$32,079,540.97, being
the sum pursued by Feima before the Judge. On the primary ground, the Judge
held that the Kyen Liquidators were not justified in rejecting Feima’s proof
of debt as the Crossclaims involved complex disputes of fact. The Judge
further held that the Crossclaims did not satisfy the requirements for an
insolvency set-off, and that it was inappropriate to determine whether the
Crossclaims were made out as there was no basis in the first place for a set-
off. On the secondary ground, the Judge held that there was no need for
“heightened scrutiny” of Feima’s proof of debt as there was nothing to trigger
suspicion: the evidence presented by Feima supported the claim in its proof of
debt to the extent of US$32,079,540.97.

9 Dissatisfied, the Kyen Appellants brought the appeal, which was initially
scheduled to be heard in August 2023. However, on 14 July 2023, Feima filed
CA/SUM 22/2023 (“SUM 22”) seeking a stay of the appeal. As things transpired,
on 16 January 2023, following the Judge’s decision, the Kyen Liquidators
lodged a proof of debt in Feima’s liquidation for the sum of US$159,308,190.27
based on the Crossclaims. Kyen’s proof of debt was rejected by the Feima
Liquidators on 25 May 2023, and Kyen challenged the rejection in the Hong Kong
Court of First Instance in HCCW 309/2018 filed on 28 June 2023 (the “HK
Proceedings”). Feima’s principal argument in support of SUM 22 was that as a
result of Kyen placing the Crossclaims before the Hong Kong courts by lodging
the proof of debt and challenging its rejection in the HK Proceedings, it was
inappropriate for the same issue to also be considered in the appeal.

10 However, in what was a reversal of Feima’s position that the appeal should
be stayed, the parties informed the court on 10 October 2023 that they had
consented to the HK Proceedings being heard after the resolution of SUM 22
and/or the hearing of the appeal. This rendered SUM 22 otiose. Nevertheless,
it was relevant to understand the implications, if any, of the Crossclaims
being an issue in both the appeal and the HK Proceedings. In the
circumstances, the court directed that: (a) SUM 22 and the appeal be heard
together on 9 November 2023, and (b) the parties address the court on the
relevance, if any, of the Crossclaims being an issue in both the appeal and
the HK Proceedings.

Decision of the court

11 The Kyen Liquidators were not entitled to account for the Crossclaims when
adjudicating Feima’s proof of debt. The Kyen Appellants were in substance
seeking to set-off the Crossclaims against Feima’s claim in order to reject
Feima’s proof of debt, and their argument that an “accounting” in the proof of
debt process was permissible should be correctly understood in that sense.
However, the Kyen Liquidators were not entitled to account for the Crossclaims
by way of an insolvency set-off, which was the only set-off that was raised,
in the adjudication of Feima’s proof of debt. There was also no precedent or
policy that supported the position that liquidators had a general entitlement
to account for the company’s crossclaims against its creditor. To account for
the company’s crossclaims in the proof of debt process, the liquidator must
establish a permissible set-off: at [31], [38]–[42], [51], [55]–[56].

12 The court agreed with the Judge that, if the claim and the crossclaim were
not disputed and a set-off was available, it was then a matter of simple
arithmetic in setting-off the crossclaim against the claim to arrive at a net
position on the claim. The court also agreed with the Judge that where the
crossclaim was substantially disputed and factually complex, it might be
inappropriate for the liquidator to summarily deal with it in the adjudication
process. In such circumstances, the liquidator ought to seek directions from
the court on the manner or mode by which the crossclaim should be resolved: at
[53].

13 In view of the court’s conclusion that the Kyen Liquidators were not
entitled to exercise a set-off on the basis of the Crossclaims, it was not
necessary to decide whether the doctrines of res judicata and election
prevented the Crossclaims from being pursued in Singapore. Nevertheless, the
court observed that the doctrines of res judicata and election were not
engaged as the Crossclaims were properly asserted before the Singapore and
Hong Kong courts for different purposes and the proceedings were distinct in
nature. In Kyen’s liquidation, the Crossclaims were asserted by the Kyen
Liquidators as a set-off in the adjudication of Feima’s proof of debt. As
Singapore was the seat of Kyen’s liquidation, it was for the courts here to
determine whether the set-off was permissible. As regards Feima’s liquidation,
the Crossclaims were asserted by Kyen as Feima’s creditor in the proof of debt
process in Hong Kong. As Hong Kong was the seat of Feima’s liquidation, it was
for the courts there to determine whether the rejection of Kyen’s proof of
debt by the Feima Liquidators was correct: at [63].

14 The transnational nature of this dispute brought an added dimension to the
analysis. The Kyen Liquidators’ decision to set-off the Crossclaims was a
matter of Singapore’s law and public policy. Therefore, any decision of the
Hong Kong courts on the merits of the Crossclaims could not bind the court in
these proceedings: at [64].

15 The appeal and SUM 22 were dismissed, and the court fixed costs in favour
of Feima at $50,000 inclusive of disbursements: at [66]–[67].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Mar 2024 (12:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

