Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 14

Originating Claim No 362 of 2023 (Registrar’s Appeal No 234 of 2023 and
Registrar’s Appeal No 235 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Ang Hong Wei  
---|---  
(2)| Ang Chin Fang Sheelia  
(3)| Ang Pei Ting  
  
… Claimants

And

(1)| Ang Teng Hai  
---|---  
(2)| Ang Keng Been (Hong Qingming)  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of Decision

[Civil Procedure — Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ang Hong Wei and others

  
v

  

Ang Teng Hai and another

[2024] SGHC 14

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 362 of 2023
(Registrar’s Appeal No 234 of 2023 and Registrar’s Appeal No 235 of 2023)  
Christopher Tan JC  
18, 26 December 2023

19 January 2024

Christopher Tan JC:

1 On 25 August 2023, the Claimants brought HC/SUM 2583/2023 (“SUM 2583”) for
summary judgment against both the 1st Defendant and 2nd Defendant
(collectively referred to as “the Defendants”) for the sum of $496,700, plus
interest and costs. The learned Assistant Registrar (“AR”) below allowed SUM
2583 in part, by granting:

(a) final judgment against the Defendants for the sum of $331,700 (with
interest payable on the judgment sum at the rate of 5.33% per annum, from the
date of the claim to judgment); and

(b) unconditional leave for the Defendants to defend the claim in respect of
the balance sum of $168,300.

2 HC/RA 234/2023 (“RA 234”) and HC/RA 235/2023 (“RA 235”) were cross-appeals,
filed respectively by the Defendants and Claimants against the AR’s decision.
Having heard parties on 18 and 26 December 2023, I allowed both RA 234 and RA
235 in part.

Factual backdrop

3 The Claimants are the deputies of one Mdm Poh Gek Eng (“Mdm Poh”). The 1st
Defendant is Mdm Poh’s step-son and the 2nd Defendant is his son.

4 On 20 May 2009, the Defendants entered into an agreement with Mdm Poh to
purchase her property at 837 Bukit Timah Road (“the Property”) for $1 million
(“the Agreement”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimants’ Affidavit dated 25 August 2023 (“Claimants’ Affidavit”) at pp
35–37.

The Agreement contained a few key conditions:

(a) Special Condition 1 allowed the Defendants to pay $600,000 of the purchase
price to Mdm Poh by way of monthly instalments of $5,000, over the course of
ten years and without interest, with the balance of the purchase price paid
upfront.

(b) Special Condition 3 stipulated that if the Defendants were to sell the
Property within ten years of “completion” of their purchase of the Property
from Mdm Poh, they would pay Mdm Poh the difference between:

(i) the price at which they purchased the Property from Mdm Poh (ie, $1
million); and

(ii) the price at which they sold the Property within those ten years,

up to a limit of $500,000.

5 It was noteworthy that the Agreement, despite having been drafted by
lawyers, omitted to precisely specify various key aspects as to timing. For
example, cl 9 of the Agreement stated that the date of “completion” of the
sale from Mdm Poh to the Defendants (as per Special Condition 3) was “[t]o be
mutually agreed between the parties”. The date of “completion” was
subsequently agreed between parties, so there was no dispute as to when the
ten-year window in Special Condition 3 started to run. More crucially, and
this lay at the heart of this appeal, the Agreement was silent as to the
timeframe within which the price differential under Special Condition 3 was to
be paid by the Defendants to Mdm Poh in the event that they did sell the
Property within ten years of completion.

6 The Defendants eventually sold the Property via an en bloc sale in December
2017 at a price in excess of $1.5 million. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Claimants’ Affidavit at para 14.

There was no dispute that:

(a) the sale took place within ten years of completion;

(b) the en bloc sale price exceeded the purchase price at which the Defendants
purchased the Property from Mdm Poh (being $1 million) by more than $500,000;
and

(c) this consequently triggered the obligation under Special Condition 3 of
the Agreement, meaning that the Defendants had to pay Mdm Poh the price
differential under Special Condition 3 (“Price Difference”) which, in this
case, was capped at $500,000.

7 The Claimants commenced HC/OC 362/2023 to recover the $500,000, plus
interest. In their defence, the Defendants alleged that the 1st Defendant
entered into two verbal agreements with Mdm Poh (collectively referred to as
the “VAs”), which effectively stretched their obligation to pay the Price
Difference over very expanded horizons. According to the Defendants:

(a) The 1st Defendant entered into the first verbal agreement (“1st VA”) with
Mdm Poh in October to November 2016, ie, slightly over a year before the en
bloc sale (which happened in December 2017). The 1st VA was thus transacted in
anticipation of the en bloc sale of the Property, and thus in advance of the
Defendants’ obligation to pay the Price Difference crystallizing. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendants’ Affidavit dated 7 September 2023 (“Defendants’ Affidavit”) at
paras 14–15.

Under the 1st VA, the 1st Defendant agreed with Mdm Poh that the Price
Difference would be paid through monthly payments of $3,300, rather than a
lump sum.

(b) Pursuant to the 1st VA, the 1st Defendant proceeded to make monthly
payments of $3,300 to Mdm Poh, over the course of 51 months, from December
2016 to February 2021. The Defendants also explained that:

(i) for the first 39 payments from December 2016 to February 2020, each
monthly instalment of $3,300 was split into a cheque payment of $300 and a
cash disbursement of $3,000; and

(ii) for the remaining 12 payments from March 2020 to February 2021, each
monthly instalment of $3,300 was disbursed entirely in cash. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendants’ Affidavit at para 16.

(c) The 1st Defendant then entered into the second verbal agreement (“2nd VA”)
with Mdm Poh in March 2021 (ie, after the 51 monthly payments had been made),
under which Mdm Poh allowed the 1st Defendant to cease the monthly payments of
$3,300. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendants’ Affidavit at para 17; Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 1
December 2023 (“Defendants’ Written Submissions”) at para 12(d).

Pursuant to the above events, the monthly payments of $3,300 stopped from
March 2021 onwards. Mdm Poh has since lost mental capacity and there was some
dispute as to whether this had already happened by the time of the 2nd VA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See [5(b)] of the Reply pleaded by the Claimants.

8 Based on the Defendants’ story above, they paid a total of $168,300 (being
51 monthly payments of $3,300, from December 2016 to February 2021) pursuant
to the 1st VA. The learned AR below had granted the Defendants unconditional
leave to defend for this sum while ordering summary judgment for the remaining
sum of $331,700 (ie, $500,000 – $168,300).

Parties’ submissions

9 The Defendants conceded that there was a gap in the Agreement as to when the
Price Difference had to be paid. However, the Defendants contended that this
gap was deliberately left there by the contracting parties, with the intention
that it be supplemented later. The VAs, argued the Defendants, were entered
into precisely to supplement that gap. To support this contention, the
Defendants relied on s 94(b) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Evidence
Act”), which contemplates that evidence of a separate oral agreement may be
adduced if it supplements a written contract. The Defendants also cited the
case of Siemens Industry Software v Lion Global Offshore [2014] SGHC 251
(“Siemens”) to argue that such a gap does not render the written contract void
and that subsequent supplementation is permitted at law.

10 On this, the Claimants took the view that the gap (as to when the Price
Difference had to be paid) must be filled by an implied term to the effect
that payment of the Price Difference should be within a “reasonable time”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions dated 1 December 2023 (“Claimants’ Written
Submissions”) at paras 41–44.

The Defendants disagreed, citing Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd
[2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) (at [94]–[96]) for the proposition that a
term should only be implied when the gap is inadvertent. In this case, the
Defendants argued, the gap was deliberate, as demonstrated by the following
factors:

(a) Firstly, the tenor of the Agreement showed that it was meant to only set
out the broad terms of consensus, with specific details to be discussed
further 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 12(a).

(eg, parties were to agree on the date of completion of the sale from Mdm Poh
to the Defendants, from which the ten years would run).

(b) Secondly, the Agreement was drafted by lawyers, and it was inconceivable
that they would have inadvertently left a gap on a term as important as the
timing for payment of the Price Difference. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 43(a).

(c) Thirdly, it made sense to have the gap, given that when the Agreement was
signed in 2009, several eventualities remained contingent:

(i) The Defendants might ultimately fail to sell the Property within ten years
after their purchasing it from Mdm Poh, meaning that their obligation to pay
the Price Difference might never materialise.

(ii) As at the point when the Agreement was signed, parties would not have
known what the sale price (in the event of a sale occurring within the next
ten years), and hence what the Price Difference payable under Special
Condition 3, might be. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 43(b) & (c).

This was a critical variable without which the appropriate payment horizon for
any instalment schedule could not be pinned down.

The Defendants thus argued that there was no scope for implying a term that
payment of the Price Difference was to be within a “reasonable time”, as
parties deliberately left the time for payment of the Price Difference open.

11 The Claimants, on their part, suggested that the gap as to the time for
paying the Price Difference was inadvertent and that a term as to the time for
payment should consequently be implied. As alluded to above, they argued that
a term should be implied that payment must be within a reasonable time after
any sale by the Defendants within the ten-year window in Special Condition 3.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions at paras 40–41.

As regards the Defendants’ reliance on s 94(b) of the Evidence Act (for the
proposition that the timing for payment need not be implied as the Agreement
could always be supplemented with such details later), the Claimants argued
that this provision contemplates that evidence of supplementation may not be
allowed for contracts having a high degree of formality, such as in this case
where the Agreement was drafted by lawyers.

12 On this basis, the Claimants said that the Agreement had fully crystallised
as at 2009, supplemented by an implied term that the Price Difference must be
paid within a reasonable time. This meant that the VAs, if they even existed,
were not supplements to the Agreement but rather variations of it. While s
94(d) of the Evidence Act contemplates that evidence of oral variations of
written contracts may be adduced, the Claimants argued that the circumstances
surrounding the VAs, as related by the Defendants’ evidence, were incredible
and should be rejected. In any case, the Claimants argued that the VAs, even
if they existed, were void for lack of consideration. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions at paras 45–47.

13 As such, the Claimants maintained that the implied term, to the effect that
the Price Difference must be paid within a reasonable time after any sale by
the Defendants within the ten-year window, stood unvaried. Upon the en bloc
sale of the Property by the Defendants, the obligation to pay the Price
Difference within a reasonable time would have arisen. Given that six years
have lapsed since then and the Price Difference has still not been fully paid,
the Claimants contended that the Defendants must be regarded as being in
breach of their obligation by now.

14 For completeness, I should add that the Claimants found records of cheque
payments of $300 each, moving from the 1st Defendant’s bank account to that of
Mdm Poh, up to the month of October 2018. For the purposes of the summary
judgment, the Claimants were prepared to accept that there might be a triable
issue in respect of 11 of these cheques, issued every month from December 2017
(after the en bloc, when the obligation to pay the Price Difference was
triggered) to October 2018. Specifically, the Claimants conceded that there
might be a triable issue as to whether these 11 cheques were paid by the
Defendants towards the Price Difference. Consequently, the Claimants sought
summary judgment only for the sum of $496,700 (being the Price Difference of
$500,000 less the 11 cheques amounting to $3,300).

The legal issues in this appeal

15 In light of the Defendants’ evidence that they had paid a total of $168,300
(being 51 monthly payments of $3,300 from December 2016 to February 2021), the
learned AR took the view that unconditional leave to defend should be granted
for this amount.

16 As for the balance of $331,700 (being $500,000 less $168,300), the learned
AR granted summary judgment in favour of the Claimants. In doing so, the AR
accepted the Claimants’ submission that a term should be implied into the
Agreement, to the effect that the Price Difference must be paid within a
“reasonable time”. Consequently, going by the AR’s interpretation, the
Agreement was largely complete as at the point of signing (having been made
whole by the implied term as to the time for payment of the Price Difference),
and the VAs served as variations (and not supplements) to the Agreement. As
variations, they would have to be supported by consideration to be valid. In
that respect, the learned AR took the view that the VAs were not supported by
consideration and thus void.

17 There were thus two main legal issues impacting on whether leave should be
granted to the Defendants:

(a) Whether the Agreement contained an implied term as to when the Price
Difference had to be paid, or whether the timing as to payment of the Price
Difference was deliberately left open and supplemented by the 1st VA more than
seven years after the Agreement was signed.

(b) If such a term was implied, with the result that the Agreement was
complete as at the point of its signing, whether the VAs (being variations of
the Agreement) were supported by consideration.

Was there an implied term as to when the Price Difference had to be paid?

18 To recapitulate, the Defendants maintained that the Agreement was only
meant to set out the broad terms of agreement and, to that end, contained
deliberate gaps. This was consistent with the informality typical of contracts
between family members. Specific details, such as timelines for payment, were
to be agreed upon at a later point. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 36.

19 I could not agree with the Defendants’ submissions on this. In my view, the
Agreement’s silence as to the time for paying the Price Difference created a
gap that the parties did not contemplate:

(a) Firstly, while there was an express clause in the Agreement which
explicitly alluded to the completion date (from which the ten-year window
would run) as something that would be agreed upon later, there was no similar
clause allowing parties to discuss the timing for the payment of the Price
Difference.

(b) Secondly, the payment horizon for the Price Difference in the event that
the contingency (ie, sale of the Property by the Defendants within ten years
of completion of purchasing the same from Mdm Poh) did materialise must surely
have been a critical term to be provided for. Parties could not possibly have
intended for the timing to be left completely open and subject to the vagaries
of discussions years down the road. That would mean that there was nothing to
stop the Defendants from insisting on paying (as an example) $10 a month over
a horizon of more than four millennia, with Mdm Poh having nothing more than
the goodwill of the Defendants when endeavouring to secure a shorter payment
horizon. I had asked the Defendants’ counsel if parties could possibly have
intended to place Mdm Poh in such an invidious position. The Defendants’
counsel conceded that it was not the defence’s case that no term could be
implied but nevertheless suggested that it should not be implied at this stage
of the proceedings. In my view, this did not address the concern. Having
scrutinised the entirety of the affidavit evidence, the only way to avoid such
a perverse outcome would be to imply a term that payment of the Price
Difference must be within a reasonable time. This is an established approach
in contract law, as stated in Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (Hugh G Beale gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2021) (at para 24–013):

Where a party to a contract undertakes to do an act, the performance of which
depends entirely on itself, and the contract is silent as to the time of
performance … the law implies an obligation to perform the act within a
reasonable time having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

These principles were recently endorsed by the Appellate Division in Liu Shu
Ming & anor v Koh Chew Chee & anor matter [2023] 1 SLR 1477 (at [82]–[83]).
Any officious bystander, if asked whether such a term must be implied, would
surely reply: “but of course!” (as per [101(c)] of Sembcorp Marine).

20 The Defendants cited the case of Siemens to argue that the law does allow
for a contract to leave certain obligations open, which gaps could then be
supplemented later. In Siemens, Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) was hearing
an appeal from a decision where summary judgment had been granted for sums
owing by the defendant under a software purchase agreement. One of the triable
issues which the defendant purported to raise on appeal was whether the
software purchase agreement was unenforceable, given that the time for payment
of the software had been left open. Chan J was referred to the case of T2
Networks Pte Ltd v Nasioncom Sdn Bhd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1 (“T2 Networks”), where
Judith Prakash J (as she then was) found a settlement agreement to be legally
unenforceable for uncertainty. In so ruling, Prakash J observed that the
settlement agreement failed to define the payment schedule, notwithstanding
that the schedule for payment was vital to the receiving party. Prakash J also
declined to save the settlement agreement by implying a term that payment was
to be made within a reasonable time, remarking (at [44]):

… it is hard to determine what a reasonable time is in a situation where the
creditor is desperate for money and the debtor has been stringing out payment
for a long time. It was also clear to me from the evidence that all along what
[the receiving party] wanted from [the paying party] was immediate payment.

21 In Siemens, Chan J distinguished T2 Networks and decided that the software
purchase agreement before him was not unenforceable, despite the time for
payment being left open. Chan J held (at [36]):

In the present case, there is nothing whatsoever in Mr Ng’s affidavit that
shows that the time of payment was vital to the transaction. On the contrary,
it is clear from Mr Ng’s own affidavit that the timing of the payments is not
one of the main terms of the contract. Unlike in T2 Networks, there is also no
indication that a term of payment within a reasonable time could not be
implied. In any event, it is not necessary for me to determine the exact scope
of the implied term. All I have to determine is whether, in the absence of any
express term as to payment, the [software purchase agreement] is unenforceable
for uncertainty. On the face of the [software purchase agreement] alone, the
quantity of products to be purchased, the method of delivery, and the price of
sale have been determined. These are sufficient for the [software purchase
agreement] to be valid and binding. Although the time of payment was not
stated, it was merely a minor term that could be worked out. The Second
Alleged Triable Issue is therefore not a triable issue.

22 The Defendants relied on Siemens to argue that gaps in a contract as to
time for payment need not be plugged by way of an implied term (that payment
be within a reasonable time) and can always be left open for supplementation
later. In my view, Siemens did not support the sweeping proposition advanced
by the Defendants.

23 Firstly, by way of preliminary observation, Chan J’s characterisation of
the timing for payment as being “merely a minor term that could be worked out”
could not be imported to the facts of the appeal before me. The Price
Difference constituted half the total purchase price at which Mdm Poh sold the
Property to the Defendants in 2009. As explained above, leaving this gap
unplugged would expose Mdm Poh to a potential holding out by the Defendants
for an indefinite period, effectively depriving her of a vast proportion of
the benefit that she was supposed to receive under the Agreement.

24 Secondly, as can be seen from the extract above at [21], Chan J clearly
contemplated that on the facts of the case before him, a term for payment
within a reasonable time could be implied as, unlike in T2 Networks, there was
nothing preventing him from implying such a term. However, Chan J took the
view that it was not necessary to determine the exact scope of the implied
term, as the immediate issue before him was whether the lack of an express
term as to payment rendered the software purchase agreement unenforceable for
uncertainty. It would therefore be incorrect to interpret Siemens as standing
for the proposition that the timing for payment, particularly in a case such
as the present where the payment relates to a substantial proportion of the
entire consideration, can simply be left open without being addressed by an
implied term as to timing for payment.

25 I thus agreed with the decision of the learned AR below that the Agreement
was subject to an implied term that the Defendants would have a “reasonable
time” within which to pay the Price Difference. This was the only sensible
interpretation of the Agreement. In my view, the terms of the Agreement had
fully crystallised in 2009, as supplemented by that implied term. The 1st VA
was thus not a supplement to the Agreement, but a variation of it.

26 The argument that the 1st VA was a variation (and not a supplement) applied
with even greater force to the 2nd VA. Assuming I had accepted the Defendants’
premise that there was no need to imply a term that payment be made within a
reasonable time, on account of the time for payment being finalised (ex-post)
by the 1st VA, this would have meant that the terms of the Agreement had fully
crystallised by October to November 2016 (when the 1st VA was allegedly
entered into). Thus, even on the Defendants’ own view of the case, there was
no longer any “gap” for the 2nd VA to supplement. Any gap in the Agreement
pertaining to when payment should be made would at the very latest have been
fully plugged by the 1st VA, which dictated that the Defendants pay $3,300 a
month (over a span of about 12 years).

Were the VAs supported by consideration?

27 Given the trite proposition that variations of a contract must be supported
by consideration (see Ma Hongjin v SCP Holdings Pte Ltd & anor appeal [2021] 1
SLR 304 at [4] and [60]), it was necessary to determine if the 1st and 2nd VAs
were in fact supported by consideration.

28 I begin with the 1st VA. On the issue of consideration, I reached a
different conclusion from the learned AR below. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Minute Sheet (13 October 2023) at p 13, para 15.

I agreed with the Defendants that the 1st VA was potentially supported by
consideration. The 1st VA allowed Mdm Poh to receive monthly instalments from
December 2016 onwards, ie, over a year before the en bloc sale. The monthly
stream of cash was thus payment in advance, which Mdm Poh would otherwise not
have received under the terms of the Agreement. The 1st VA thereby conferred a
practical benefit which may qualify as good consideration: Teo Seng Kee Bob v
Arianecorp Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1114 (“Teo Seng Kee”) (at [90]–[91]). I made
this finding on the back of the law’s recognition that the modern approach in
contract law requires very little to find the existence of consideration:
Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 (at
[139]) (“Chwee Kin Keong”); Teo Seng Kee (at [92]).

29 As for the 2nd VA, my view was that this was not supported by any
consideration. At the hearing of the appeal before me, counsel for the
Defendants stated that the consideration for the 2nd VA was “keeping the
family peace”. I found this explanation somewhat difficult to follow. The 1st
Defendant had averred to the following in his affidavit: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendants’ Affidavit at para 17.

The monthly payment of S$3,300.00 ceased only after Tsu-Tsu [Mdm Poh’s
biological daughter and primary caregiver] passed away in March 2021. It
appeared that after Tsu-Tsu passed away, there were disagreements between Mdm
Poh and other members of Mdm Poh’s family, including the Claimants on the one
hand and Tsu-Tsu’s husband on the other hand. Due to the unhappiness within
the family, sometime in or around March 2021, Mdm Poh verbally informed me to
cease payment of the monthly sum of S$3,300.00 for the time being. She was
concerned that the monthly payments may create more unhappiness regarding
financial matters within her family.

Presumably, the Defendants were suggesting that given the unhappiness over
money matters within the family, continuation of the monthly payments of
$3,300 might worsen the internal strife. By stopping the payments, family
peace was preserved.

30 I was not satisfied that this constituted good consideration. Despite my
observations above on how the common law courts today require very little to
find the existence of consideration, a conclusion that the 2nd VA was
supported by consideration would simply be taking this too far. While “the
courts in several common law jurisdictions have gone to extraordinary lengths
to conjure up consideration” (see Chwee Kin Keong, at [139]), it is reasonable
to postulate that one must conjure consideration out of something, and not out
of nothing. In this respect, consideration must flow from the promisee: Gay
Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332
(at [66]). Based on the affidavit evidence, there was nothing that the
Defendants could proffer as consideration flowing from them in exchange for
their cessation of performance, other than the very cessation of performance
itself. Until the courts abolish the requirement for consideration, I remain
of the view that the Defendants’ position could not pass muster.

Whether leave to defend should be granted

31 Following from the analysis above, I then considered whether the appeal
against the learned AR’s decision below should be allowed.

32 The principles pertaining to summary judgments are well settled – the law
implies a two-stage test which was recently canvassed in Asian Eco Technology
Pte Ltd v Deng Yiming [2023] SGHC 227 (at [8]–[9]):

(a) A claimant must first show that he or she has a prima facie case for
judgment.

(b) If the claimant crosses this threshold, the burden shifts to the defendant
who, to obtain leave to defend, must establish that there is a fair or
reasonable probability that he or she has a real or bona fide defence. In this
regard, the defendant needs only to show that there is a triable issue or
question.

33 I was satisfied that the Claimants had shown a prima facie case for
judgment. They had proven the Agreement, under which the Defendants were
indisputably obliged to pay Mdm Poh the Price Difference of $500,000. The
Claimants had also successfully demonstrated, at least at a prima facie level,
the absence of any documentary records evidencing payment by the Defendants
towards the Price Difference, save for some monthly cheque payments of $300,
which collectively added up to only a very small fraction of the Price
Difference. Even for these cheques, there was no documentary evidence linking
the payments with the Defendants’ obligation to make good the Price
Difference.

34 In light of the prima facie case established by the Claimants, the next
step was to assess if the VAs gave rise to a triable issue or question
warranting leave to defend.

The 1st VA

35 I found that the Defendants had crossed the threshold for showing triable
issues, at least in respect of whether the 1st VA did in fact exist:

(a) I have already explained why I disagreed with the learned AR on the point
about consideration. The 1st VA, if it existed in the form as alleged by the
Defendants, was supported by some consideration.

(b) Apart from the Defendants’ assertions on affidavit, there was also some
documentary evidence of the cheque payments of $300 each, which was not
inconsistent with the Defendants’ version of the mode by which the monthly
payments of $3,300 would have been made, assuming the 1st VA existed.

(c) A monthly payment schedule of $3,300 would translate into a repayment
horizon of over 12 and a half years, ie, $500,000 ÷ ($3,300 per month × 12
months in a year), which was not inconsistent with the ten-year window over
which the Defendants agreed to pay Mdm Poh the $600,000, being part of the
price for which the Defendants purchased the Property from Mdm Poh in 2009
(see [4(a)] above). While I harboured doubts about the credibility of the
Defendants’ account of the 1st VA (I will say more on this below), I was not
satisfied that the Defendants’ story had reached the point of being
“inherently improbable”: M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko
[2015] 1 SLR 325 (at [19]).

36 The Claimants cited the case of Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard [2014] 2
SLR 123, where the High Court granted summary judgment as: (a) there was no
evidence supporting the defendant’s assertion that there was an
unrecorded/undocumented oral contract or understanding; and (b) in any case,
the alleged oral understanding was clearly inconsistent with the written terms
of the settlement agreement in that case. In my view, that case could be
distinguished from the present factual scenario. At the time the Agreement was
signed, the timing for payment of the Price Difference hinged on various
inchoate factors over which the parties had little visibility, such as whether
the Defendants would even manage to sell the Property within the ten-year
window stipulated by Special Condition 3 and, in the event that they did, what
the sale price might be. Instead of making the necessary provision for these
contingencies, the Agreement left the conditions for payment of the Price
Difference in Special Condition 3 vague and open-ended, to the point that a
“reasonable time” for payment had to be implied. In my view, the circumstances
surrounding the gaps in the Agreement left slightly more wiggle room for the
Defendants to argue that the implied duration of repayment had been varied by
the 1st VA.

The 2nd VA

37 As for the 2nd VA, I saw no triable issues on the evidence.

38 To recapitulate, the 2nd VA could not have been a supplement to the gap in
the Agreement (pertaining to when and how the Price Difference was to be
paid), given that this gap would already have been plugged by the 1st VA,
which (if it existed), dictated a monthly instalment of $3,300. The 2nd VA,
which purportedly brought about the cessation of the monthly instalments,
would thus have been a variation of the Agreement and had to be supported by
consideration. As alluded to above, I found that the 2nd VA was not supported
by any consideration, and therefore invalid. For completeness, I should also
add that it was not the Defendants’ case that reliance on the 2nd VA gave rise
to any detriment as to found an estoppel.

39 As an aside, I also observe that the Defendants’ account of the 2nd VA
defied belief. If there was indeed strife within the family over finances, the
Defendants must have surely realised the necessity of securing the relevant
documentary records of Mdm Poh’s concession allowing them to cease payment of
the monthly instalments, lest they too be ensnared by accusations over money.
Yet, there was glaringly no documentary record of the 2nd VA.

40 Based on the Defendants’ own account of the facts, had payments not ceased
from March 2021 (in purported reliance on the 2nd VA), there would have been a
further 33 monthly instalments of $3,300 to date, adding up to a total of
$108,900. Given my finding that the 2nd VA was invalid, there was no legal
justification for the Defendants to cease the monthly payments of $3,300. I
thus granted summary judgment in favour of the Claimants for $108,900, plus
interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the claim to the date
of judgment.

Imposing conditions on leave to defend

41 Given my finding that the Defendants had raised triable issues as to the
existence of the 1st VA, I gave leave to defend for the balance of the claim
of $387,800 (ie, $496,700 less $108,900). Nevertheless, I ordered that leave
to defend be conditional.

42 Under the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed), the court will impose conditions
when granting leave to defend in the face of a summary judgment application
when the defence, though not hopeless, gives rise to such doubts that
necessitate these conditions. In Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South
Kerala Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd [2007] SGHC 42 (“Abdul
Salam”), Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) observed (at [43]–[44]):

43 However, the question then was whether I should impose a condition. There
is a multitude of terms that have evolved over the years to express the
circumstances in which this would be appropriate. These include such terms as
“a real doubt about the defendant’s good faith”, “shadowy”, “sham”,
“suspicious”, “hardly of substance” and so on.

44 These terms are somewhat pejorative and this may obscure the true
principle. In my judgment, a condition is appropriate when the court has the
sense that although it cannot be said that the claimed defence is so hopeless
that, in truth, there is no defence, the overall impression is such that some
demonstration of commitment on the part of the defendant to the claimed
defence is called for. …

The Rules of Court 2021 now use the word “dubious” in O 19 r 17(7)(d). This
word is almost synonymous with some of the descriptors that our courts have
employed (some of which are listed in the extract from Abdul Salam cited
above) when granting conditional leave to defend under O 14 r 4 of the Rules
of Court 2014. In my view, the principles undergirding the case law on
granting conditional leave to defend under the Rules of Court 2014 are equally
useful when deciding whether to impose conditions for granting leave to defend
in summary judgment applications under the Rules of Court 2021. To that end, I
respectfully adopted the approach in Abdul Salam – if the defence is dubious
to the point that some commitment needs to be shown by the defendant, before
he is granted leave to defend at trial, conditions should be imposed. Rather
than lacquering the term “dubious” with any additional linguistic veneers, I
will only say that the assessment of whether a defence is dubious is likely to
be quite fact-specific.

43 Reverting to the present case, the Defendants’ account of how payments were
purportedly made pursuant to the 1st VA was, by any measure of the term,
dubious. In arriving at this conclusion, I noted the following circumstances:

(a) Given that the Agreement was formally prepared by lawyers and signed by
parties, one would have expected any variations (or supplements, if one
accepted the Defendants’ characterisation of the VAs) to the Agreement to
similarly be in writing. I found it highly unusual (and convenient) that there
was no written record whatsoever of the 1st VA (and indeed, of the 2nd VA).

(b) Critically, there was a complete absence of documentary records pertaining
to the 39 monthly cash payments of $3,000 by the Defendants from December 2016
to February 2020, and the 12 monthly cash payments of $3,300 from March 2020
to February 2021. This was highly suspicious. $3,000 is no small sum of money.
For that amount to be repeatedly withdrawn in cash every month, for 51 times
and over a span exceeding four years, one would expect the Defendants to at
least have some bank statements to reflect this. Yet, the Defendants produced
nary a wisp of a paper trail to evidence the cash outflow of $3,000–$3,300
from their bank account every month.

(c) The Defendants had also failed to explain the highly odd arrangement where
Mdm Poh would be paid a small fraction of the $3,300 by way of a cheque for
$300, with the lion’s share of the instalment (ie, $3,000) being disbursed in
cash. The Defendants’ avowed intention in making these payments was to
facilitate the payment of Mdm Poh’s daily expenses, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendants’ Affidavit at para 16.

but it was mystifying as to why the entire amount could not be paid by cheque.

(d) The Defendants also claimed that after February 2020, they stopped paying
the $300 by way of cheque, and started paying the full $3,300 in cash. They
explained that the cheque payments stopped because the 1st Defendant’s wife,
who allegedly oversaw the family expenses, had passed away. However, this
explanation made no sense, given that all of the prior cheques for $300 were
drawn by the 1st Defendant, and not his wife. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions at paras 83–84.

Why his wife’s death had any bearing on the mode of payment was not explained
in the affidavits.

The dubious payments in this case amounted to a total of $153,000, comprising
51 monthly cash payments of $3,000, for which there was absolutely no paper
trail. I thus imposed a condition that the Defendants provide either a
banker’s guarantee or a solicitor’s undertaking, for the sum of $153,000. The
size of this condition was proportionate – rather than being bluntly pegged at
the entire balance of the claim, the amount was bespoke to target the specific
facets of the defence which I found to be dubious.

44 In Abdul Salam, the court cautioned (at [44]) that the condition must not
be one which the defendant would find impossible to meet. In this case, the
Defendants had confirmed that they were able to furnish the condition.

45 Finally, I ordered for the costs order below to be reduced to $4,500 (all-
in) in the Claimants’ favour and for the costs of the appeal to be awarded to
the Defendants, fixed at $2,800 (all-in).

Christopher Tan JC  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Koh Kok Kwang and Kenii Takashima (CTLC Law Corporation) for the claimants;

Aw Wen Ni and Ho Wei Jie Vincent (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Jan 2024 (18:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

