Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT

  
OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2024] SGHC(I) 4

Originating Application No 5 of 2023

Between

| DFI  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| DFJ  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration — Award — Recourse against award — Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DFI

  
v

  

DFJ

[2024] SGHC(I) 4

Singapore International Commercial Court — Originating Application No 5 of
2023  
Sir Vivian Ramsey IJ  
4 December 2023

1 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Sir Vivian Ramsey IJ:

1 This case concerns an application by the claimant to set aside the Partial
Award dated 10 February 2023 (the “Award”) made in an arbitration (the
“Arbitration”) under the auspices of the International Chamber of Commerce
(the “ICC”), pursuant to s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act 1994
(2020 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) and/or Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”), as incorporated under s 3
of the IAA, on the ground that the arbitral process that led to the Award was
in breach of the rules of natural justice.

2 For the reasons that follow, I find that there was no breach of natural
justice in the process that led to the making of the Award and so dismiss the
application.

Introduction

3 On 15 March 2017, at the request of the claimant, the defendant provided the
claimant with a technical proposal (the “Technical Proposal”) for the design,
engineering and supply of a 300 “tonnes crushed per day” (“TCD”) raw sugar
plant (the “Sugar Plant”).

4 On 30 April 2017, the claimant entered into two agreements. First, a
contract with a third-party company, hereinafter referred to as “X Company”,
for the “design engineering and supply” of the Sugar Plant (the “Sugar Plant
Contract”). Secondly, a contract with the defendant (the “Agreement”) for the
supply, amongst other things, of a 0.5MW turbine (the “0.5MW Turbine”).

5 On 26 August 2020, the claimant commenced the Arbitration against the
defendant. In the Arbitration, the claimant contended that, pursuant to the
Agreement, the defendant was required to supply a turbine that was sufficient
to meet the power required for the running and operation of the Sugar Plant
and/or to supply what it had contracted to supply, that is, a turbine capable
of generating 500KW (or 0.5MW) of power. The claimant’s case in the
Arbitration was that, in breach of the Agreement, the defendant failed to do
so.

6 The jurisdiction of the tribunal (the “Tribunal”) was challenged by the
defendant, and, on 16 July 2021, the Tribunal issued a Jurisdiction Award (the
“Jurisdiction Award”) determining that it had the jurisdiction to continue
with the Arbitration. Thereafter, between August 2021 and September 2021, the
parties submitted their respective cases. The hearing took place over seven
days between 27 June 2022 and 1 July 2022. Four witnesses were called by the
claimant, one of whom was its expert. The defendant called two to testify: its
witness and an expert.

7 On 10 February 2023, the Tribunal rendered the Award dismissing all of the
claimant’s claims. Thereafter, on 15 May 2023, the claimant commenced this
present application. The claimant submits that the Tribunal acted in breach of
the fair hearing rule of the rules of natural justice, as it had disregarded a
substantial portion of the evidence, submissions and arguments raised by the
claimant in finding that:

(a) The defendant had not undertaken to provide sufficient power for all the
electrical needs of a 300 TCD sugar plant but just the sugar-producing
operations (Award at [70]);

(b) There was “no doubt” that the defendant did supply the equipment it had
contracted to supply, ie, the 0.5MW Turbine (Award at [90]);

(c) The defendant had provided sufficient evidence to show that the equipment
supplied was actually reasonably fit for purpose (Award at [122(11)]);

(d) The claimant had not produced reliable technical data or documents to
support its allegations of inadequacies in the design or supply of the 0.5MW
Co-Generation Plant (ie, the 0.5MW Turbine) (Award at [122(11)]); and

(e) The claimant has not produced any scientific or technical evidence that
the Sugar Plant had not been running satisfactorily and/or could not have been
doing so if there were no additional works and no upgrading or expansion
(Award at [122(14)]).

Principles to be applied

8 Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law provides that an arbitral award may be
set aside where “the party making the application was not given proper notice
of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings or was
otherwise unable to present his case”.

9 In BZW and another v BZV [2022] 1 SLR 1080 (“BZW”), the Court of Appeal
stated that in order for the court to set aside an arbitral award on grounds
of breach of natural justice, the following four elements must be present (at
[59]):

(a) First, the specific rule of natural justice that was breached.

(b) Second, how it was breached.

(c) Third, how the breach was connected to the making of the award.

(d) Fourth, how the breach prejudiced the respondent’s rights.

10 In relation to the fair hearing rule, the Court of Appeal in BZW explained
(at [60]) that there were two ways in which this rule can be breached:

(a) One, a breach of the fair hearing rule can arise from a tribunal’s failure
to apply its mind to the essential issues arising from the parties’ arguments.
…

(b) Two, a breach of the fair hearing rule can also arise from the chain of
reasoning which the tribunal adopts in its award. To comply with the fair
hearing rule, the tribunal’s chain of reasoning must be: (i) one which the
parties had reasonable notice that the tribunal could adopt; and (ii) one
which has a sufficient nexus to the parties’ arguments (JVL Agro Industries
([29] supra) at [149]). A party has reasonable notice of a particular chain of
reasoning (and of the issues forming the links in that chain) if: (i) it arose
from the parties’ pleadings; (ii) it arose by reasonable implication from
their pleadings; (iii) it is unpleaded but arose in some other way in the
arbitration and was reasonably brought to the party’s actual notice; or (iv)
it flows reasonably from the arguments actually advanced by either party or is
related to those arguments (JVL Agro Industries at [150], [152], [154] and
[156]). To set aside an award on the basis of a defect in the chain of
reasoning, a party must establish that the tribunal conducted itself either
irrationally or capriciously such that “a reasonable litigant in his shoes
could not have foreseen the possibility of reasoning of the type revealed in
the award” (Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3
SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at [65(d)]).

[emphasis in original]

11 On the requirements that the breach must be connected to the making of the
award and that the breach must have caused prejudice, it was stated in
Bagadiya Brothers (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ghanashyam Misra & Sons Pte Ltd [2023]
4 SLR 984 (at [42]) that the applicant must demonstrate that, as a result of
the breach, “the arbitrator was denied the benefit of arguments or evidence
that had a real as opposed to a fanciful chance of making a difference to his
deliberations”; or put another way, that “the material could reasonably have
made a difference to the arbitrator” (JVL Agro Industries Ltd v Agritrade
International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 at [194], citing L W Infrastructure Pte
Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 125 at
[54]).

12 I also observe that, as regards the requirement of prejudice, the Court of
Appeal in BZW said (at [63]):

… A breach of natural justice causes a party to suffer actual or real
prejudice if complying with the rules of natural justice could reasonably have
made a difference to the outcome of the arbitration (see L W Infrastructure
([35] supra) at [54]) ... It is not necessary for us to hold that giving
proper consideration would have caused the Tribunal to find in the
respondent’s favour on both claims. The prejudice arising from the failure to
consider the submissions which arguably could have succeeded is sufficient.

The claimant’s case

13 The claimant submits that, whilst the Tribunal stated in the Award that it
had considered all “submissions, documents and evidence” from the parties, the
Tribunal did not in fact do so, given the various documentary and witness
evidence which the Tribunal failed to address and which arguably would have
led the Tribunal to reach a different outcome in the Award, particularly in
relation to the following issues:

(a) whether the 0.5MW Turbine was to provide all the power needs for the Sugar
Plant;

(b) whether the defendant had supplied what it had contracted to do; and

(c) the spare parts claim.

Whether the 0.5MW Turbine was to provide all the power needs for the Sugar
Plant

14 The Tribunal found that the defendant had not undertaken to provide for all
the electrical needs of the entire Sugar Plant other than for the sugar-
producing (and/or jaggery-producing) operations of the Sugar Plant (Award at
[57]–[71]).

15 In doing so, the claimant contends that the Tribunal failed to address the
following documents, evidence and arguments raised by it. First, it says that
the Tribunal failed to address the Technical Proposal which set out the
technical specifications of the Sugar Plant and was created and put forward by
the defendant. The claimant says that the Technical Proposal was incorporated
into the Agreement, and it refers to the recital which states:

WHEREAS, the SELLER has agreed to supply and the CLIENT has agreed to purchase
from the former, the Machinery 0.5 mw Co-generation Plaint [sic] and balance
of Plant, as per the specifications mentioned in the Technical Proposal with
all the necessary procurement, fabrication, assembly supervision, testing at
workshop, at CIF … basis, as per terms and conditions, which follow and form
part of this Contract.

16 It also refers to the part of the Technical Proposal which stipulated that
the 0.5MW Turbine was to have a maximum continuous rating of 6 tons per hour
(“TPH”) and that the turbo alternator set was to have a power capacity of
0.5MW at 0.8 power factor. If the 0.5MW Turbine was not intended to meet the
full needs of the entire Sugar Plant, the claimant says that the Technical
Proposal would have identified the potential shortfalls in power generation or
specified other means or methods of supplementing power, but it did not do so.

17 Secondly, the claimant refers to email and WhatsApp correspondence between
the claimant and defendant prior to entering into the Agreement and prior to
finalising the Technical Proposal which indicated that a 300 TCD sugar plant
would require a 0.5MW turbine. In particular the claimant refers to:

(a) An email dated 7 December 2016 (timed at 2.34pm), in which the defendant
agreed to provide a 300 TCD plant with a 6 TPH boiler and 0.5MW turbine. At
the time, it was contemplated that the defendant would be supplying the entire
Sugar Plant. If the 0.5MW Turbine was insufficient for the needs of a 300 TCD
plant, then the claimant says that the defendant would have stated this; but
the defendant did not do so.

(b) Subsequent emails dated 14 December 2016 (timed at 11.37am) and 15
December 2016 (timed at 8.58am), in which the defendant sent the “final specs”
and “final technical offer” for the 300 TCD plant which confirmed the supply
of a 0.5MW turbine.

(c) A WhatsApp message to the claimant on 16 January 2017 stating that the
defendant was “almost done with the basic engineering of the 300 tcd plant”.
The claimant says that this message makes clear that what went into the
Technical Proposal was entirely from the defendant and hence it was the
defendant’s proposal or representation that the 0.5MW Turbine would be
sufficient for the purposes of the Sugar Plant.

18 Thirdly, the claimant refers to invoices issued by the defendant to the
claimant which stated that the 0.5MW Turbine was being supplied for a “300 TCD
Sugar Project”. Taken in the broader context of all the earlier discussions
between the parties and the Technical Proposal, the claimant submits that
these invoices further affirm that the Sugar Plant only required a 0.5MW
Turbine and support the claimant’s position that at all relevant times, the
parties were collectively labouring under the clear understanding that the
equipment being supplied was meant to cater to the needs of the entire Sugar
Plant.

19 Fourthly, the claimant submits that, as gleaned from several extracts of
the transcript, the defendant’s representative agreed during cross-examination
that if the Sugar Plant had been installed according to the Technical
Proposal, the 0.5MW Turbine was in fact intended to supply enough power for
the Sugar Plant. Given that the Agreement expressly incorporates the Technical
Proposal put forward by the defendant, the claimant contends that this
confirms that the 0.5MW Turbine was intended to supply all the power needs of
the Sugar Plant.

20 Fifthly, the claimant says that during cross-examination, the defendant’s
representative accepted that the Technical Proposal was tailor made for the
claimant’s requirements. On this point, while the defendant’s witness refused
to accept that this meant that the 0.5MW would suffice for the needs of a 300
TCD sugar plant, the claimant argues that his responses were illogical and to
be disbelieved.

21 Sixthly, the defendant had solicited and obtained an acceptance certificate
dated 15 May 2019 (the “Acceptance Certificate”) from the claimant stating
that the defendant had “designed, manufactured, supplied, erected and
commissioned our Organic Sugar Plant”. The claimant says that this
certificate, the draft of which was produced by the defendant, was an
implicit, if not explicit acceptance that the power generation provided by the
defendant was intended to be sufficient for the purposes of the Sugar Plant.

22 On this basis, the claimant submits that had the Tribunal addressed the
above evidence tendered by it, the Tribunal could have come to a different
view as to whether the defendant had undertaken that the 0.5MW Turbine would
meet the entire power needs of the Sugar Plant, which in this case, as was
undisputed, it did not.

Whether the defendant supplied what it had contracted to do

23 The claimant submits that the Tribunal inexplicably found that the
defendant had in fact supplied what it had contracted to supply, a 0.5MW
Turbine. This, the claimant submits, stands in stark contrast with the
Tribunal’s observations at [101(1)] and [120(a)] of the Award that there was
evidence that the 0.5MW Turbine was not able to achieve 0.5MW. It refers to
the Tribunal’s full reasoning at [79]–[123] of the Award.

24 In arriving at its decision, the claimant contends that the Tribunal failed
to account for various documents and/or arguments which the claimant raised in
its Closing Submissions.

25 First, the claimant says that there are numerous WhatsApp messages
exchanged between the claimant and the defendant where the claimant complained
that the Turbine was operating at below capacity and the defendant did nothing
to refute those messages. In particular, the claimant constantly highlighted
that the 0.5MW Turbine kept stalling when it reached a power output of 400KW
and that a safe load for the 0.5MW Turbine was between 300KW and 350KW only,
which the defendant never refuted.

26 Secondly, the claimant refers to emails where the defendant acknowledged
the inadequacy of the 0.5MW Turbine or did not refute the inadequacy of the
0.5MW Turbine.

27 Thirdly, after all the discussions between the parties, a representative of
the defendant sent a WhatsApp message to the claimant in which he says “let us
search for a suitable turbine”. The claimant submits that this was as clear an
admission as possible from the defendant that the 0.5MW Turbine was not
suitable and that is why a search for an alternative turbine was necessary.

28 Fourthly and most importantly, there is a report from a third party (“Y
Entity”) stating categorically that the 0.5MW Turbine was only capable of
generating an average power of 400KW to 425KW, even though what the claimant
had contracted for was a turbine that could generate 0.5MW (on the assumption
that 0.5MW was sufficient to meet the needs of the Sugar Plant).

29 The claimant submits that the Tribunal could have come to a different view
as to whether the defendant supplied what it had contracted to do – a 0.5MW
turbine – if it had considered the above evidence and arguments raised by the
claimant. Instead, it says that the Tribunal inexplicably made the finding
that the claimant has not produced any scientific or technical evidence that
the Sugar Plant has not been running satisfactorily and/or could not have been
running unsatisfactorily if there were no additional works and no upgrading or
expansion. In support of this point, it refers to [122(14)] of the Award.

30 The claimant contends that there was no evidential basis for the Tribunal
to reach this finding as Y Entity was an independent third party to the
Arbitration and its report conclusively found that the 0.5MW Turbine could not
generate the requisite power of the Sugar Plant. If the Tribunal found that Y
Entity’s report was insufficient, then the claimant submits that the Tribunal
should have given the claimant an opportunity to lead further evidence and/or
make additional submissions before the Tribunal, which could reasonably have
made a difference to the Tribunal’s finding.

31 By failing to consider the above evidence, the claimant submits that there
was a breach of natural justice, by which the claimant’s rights were
substantially prejudiced.

The spare parts claim

32 The claimant refers to [179] of the Award in which the Tribunal declined to
determine its claim for US$39,437 paid by the claimant to the defendant for
spare parts for the Sugar Plant on the basis that the spare parts claim fell
outside the purview of the Arbitration Agreement.

33 The claimant submits that the Tribunal’s decision was at odds with the
Tribunal’s decision in the Jurisdiction Award. The claimant says that the
Tribunal had expressly rejected the challenge to its jurisdiction and
determined that it had the jurisdiction to continue with the Arbitration
(Jurisdiction Award at [94]). However, it submits that the Tribunal has now
reversed its position, choosing instead to find that one aspect of the claim
falls outside of its jurisdiction.

34 The claimant submits that the Tribunal’s decision to exclude the spare
parts claim from the scope of the Arbitration was an outcome of which it
neither had notice nor an opportunity to address the Tribunal on the issue. As
such, it was prevented from presenting its case on that issue.

Summary

35 The claimant submits that nowhere in the Award was there any consideration
by the Tribunal of any of the evidence and submissions referred to above and
which were fundamental to its claim. By not considering that evidence and
submissions, the claimant submits that the Tribunal acted in breach of the
rules of natural justice and/or failed to exercise the authority conferred to
it by failing to decide the matters submitted to it.

36 It says that it has been gravely prejudiced because, if the Tribunal had
considered its evidence and submissions on these points, such arguments could
reasonably have made a difference to the Tribunal, and ultimately the findings
in the Award. The claimant contends that the Tribunal’s breaches of the rules
of natural justice denied it the full effect of the claimant’s arguments and
evidence, and that these had a real as opposed to a fanciful chance of making
a difference to its deliberations.

The defendant’s case

Whether the 0.5MW Turbine was to provide all the power needs for the Sugar
Plant

37 The defendant submits that the claimant’s submission that the Tribunal had
failed to account for various documents and/or arguments from the claimant in
finding that the defendant was not required to provide for all the power needs
of the Sugar Plant (at a specification of 300 TCD) is opportunistic and an
attempt at a “second bite at the cherry” which the courts do not condone,
referring to Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007]
3 SLR(R) 86 (at [65(b)]).

38 By picking particular documents and arguments, the defendant says that the
claimant has ignored the following other reasons for the Tribunal’s finding on
this issue:

(a) At [70(a)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that the Agreement did not
provide expressly or impliedly that the defendant was to provide sufficient
power for all the needs of the Sugar Plant.

(b) At [70(b)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that the claimant itself was
unaware, at the time during and after the Agreement, which type of sugar or
jaggery the Sugar Plant was to produce. Further, the parties had discussed the
possibility of expanding the plant to a 500 TCD plant and 800 TCD plant in the
future. The defendant submits that it can scarcely be said that it had to meet
the need of a 300 TCD sugar plant when the claimant itself was unsure of what
type of sugar and at what capacity the plant was intended to produce.

(c) At paragraph [70(d)] of the Award, the Tribunal held that the Agreement
was for a relatively much smaller sum of US$1,108,800 for the supply of the
0.5MW Turbine compared to US$10,215,000 in respect of the Sugar Plant Contract
for the Sugar Plant with a specification of 300 TCD.

(d) At [70(e)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that the claimant has failed
or refused to produce Annexure A of the Sugar Plant Contract (for which
adverse inferences were made against the claimant) or any other sufficient
information which contains the specifications of the equipment supplied by X
Company for the Sugar Plant. The defendant says that it was therefore kept
from knowing all the specifications of the parts of the Sugar Plant and
knowledge of all the power requirements of the Sugar Plant cannot be imputed
to the defendant.

39 Having regard to those findings by the Tribunal, the defendant submits that
the Tribunal would not have reached a different conclusion on the issue of
whether the defendant was obliged to provide for all the power needs of the
Sugar Plant under the Agreement, and the claimant did not suffer any real
prejudice as the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings would not have been
altered in any case.

40 In relation to the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal failed to
address the Technical Proposal put forward by the defendant, the defendant
says that, to the contrary, it is manifestly clear from the Award that the
Tribunal had considered the contents of the Technical Proposal. The Tribunal
was aware that the claimant’s team had opportunities to review the defendant’s
proposals before they were finalised as the Technical Proposal of 15 March
2017 and attached to the Agreement. The Tribunal reproduced the contents of
the Technical Proposal at [48] of the Award and considered the defendant’s
scope of works under the Technical Proposal and also the scope of X Company’s
works. The Tribunal noted, at [50] of the Award, that “both Parties’
respective witnesses accepted at the Hearing that the [defendant] was
responsible for the supply of the 6 TPH Boiler and [the 0.5MW Turbine], but
the supply of all other plant, machinery and equipment were in the scope of [X
Company] [sic]”. The Tribunal also considered the provisions of the Sugar
Plant Contract at [49] of the Award. In fact, the “turbo alternator set” with
“a power capacity of 500KW at 0.8 factor” is referred to in the Award (at p
29).

41 The Tribunal had also noted that from the documents cited by the claimant
such as “the Technical Proposal, the Agreement, the boiler manual and the
invoices”, there was an “association” of the Sugar Plant with the 0.5MW
Turbine at the time of entering the agreement. However, the Tribunal was
“careful” not to draw conclusions merely from impressions from such
“associations” but focused on the “actual agreed terms and conditions of the
Agreement between the Parties”.

42 At [70(c)] of the Award, the Tribunal noted that the claimant’s team had
opportunities to review the technical proposal before it was finalised and
attached to the Agreement. In fact, at [63] of the Award, the Tribunal had
delved into considerable detail as to the implications of the fact that the
claimant’s team had the opportunity to review the Technical Proposal,
including the fact that the claimant had ample opportunity to state that a 6
TPH boiler and/or the 0.5MW Turbine would not have been suitable.

43 The defendant refers to the claimant’s reliance on the defendant’s witness
statement as evidence that the erection of the Sugar Plant was based on the
defendant’s Technical Proposal. It says that the claimant’s team reviewed the
Technical Proposal before it was finalised, and the defendant was only
responsible for the scope of Annexures III (relating to the 6 TPH boiler) and
IV (relating to the 0.5MW Turbine) of the Technical Proposal.

44 Therefore, the defendant submits that the claimant’s contention that the
Tribunal failed to consider the contents of the Technical Proposal is wrong
and there is no breach of natural justice in this regard.

45 In relation to the claimant’s submission that the Tribunal failed to
“account for” various emails and WhatsApp correspondence prior to the entering
into the Agreement, the defendant says that this correspondence was exchanged
in the context of the entire scope of works being awarded to the defendant.
However, the claimant chose to split the scope of the Technical Proposal into
two contracts and the defendant was only responsible for the supply of the 6
TPH boiler and the 0.5MW Turbine.

46 In any event, the defendant says that the Tribunal had, in fact, considered
the correspondence which the claimant alleges was disregarded and it refers to
[53(c)], [60] and [63] of the Award. In particular, at [53(c)] of the Award,
the Tribunal reproduced the email dated 7 December 2016 and clearly recognised
that the defendant stated “our phase 1 will have a 300 TCD plant with 6 TPH
AND 0.5 MW turbine [sic]” in the email. The Tribunal therefore clearly
considered the arguments advanced by the claimant. Also, at [63(c)] of the
Award, the Tribunal sets out the latter half of the email dated 14 December
2016 which stated: “[a]ttached are the final specs of 300 TCD and next phase
of 500 TCS frozen after consideration all the points from the team and final
discussions with [the defendant], Marking a copy to the team to have a final
look at the specs [sic]”.

47 The defendant submits that, therefore, the Tribunal did not fail to
consider the relevant correspondence but, rather, the Tribunal was persuaded
by the defendant’s submissions that the claimant’s team had the opportunity to
review the defendant’s proposals before they were finalised as the Technical
Proposal which was attached to the Agreement, as set out in [70(c)] of the
Award. The defendant therefore submits that the claimant cannot say that the
Tribunal had failed to consider the correspondence between the parties before
they entered into the Agreement.

48 In relation to the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal failed to
consider invoices issued by the defendant stating that the 0.5MW Turbine was
supplied for a 300 TCD sugar plant, the defendant says that, again, the
Tribunal did not fail to consider the invoices. Rather, the Tribunal
considered the invoices but was not persuaded that the invoices evidenced an
obligation on the part of the defendant to meet all the power requirements of
the Sugar Plant.

49 At [57(c)] of the Award, the Tribunal set out the claimant’s arguments in
relation to the alleged invoices and, having considered the invoices, the
Tribunal stated at [68(4)] and [68(5)] of the Award that it was careful not to
draw conclusions based on mere “associations” to a 300 TCD plant in the
alleged invoices and that it focused on the “actual terms and conditions of
the Agreement between the Parties”. Given that due consideration was given by
the Tribunal to the invoices and the arguments advanced by the claimant
relating to those invoices, the defendant submits that there has been no
breach of natural justice.

50 In relation to the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal failed to
consider evidence from the cross-examination of the defendant’s witness, the
defendant submits that the claimant has misconstrued the evidence given by
that witness when it submits that he agreed that the 0.5MW Turbine was
intended to supply power for the entire Sugar Plant. The defendant says that
its witness very clearly stated that “the agreement between [the claimant] and
[the defendant] is for a 0.5-megawatt co-generation plant. [T]here’s no
agreement between [the claimant] and [the defendant] for a 300 TCD Plant”. The
defendant submits that the claimant appears to be conflating the Sugar Plant
Contract with the Agreement. In fact, the defendant’s witness was unable to
answer “a yes or no” when asked whether the 0.5MW Turbine was supposed to
supply power for the entire Sugar Plant, indicating that the defendant was
unsure of whether the 0.5MW Turbine was even supposed to satisfy the power
requirements of the Sugar Plant to begin with.

51 Further, the defendant says that its witness testified that the technical
specifications were “tailor made” for the claimant’s requirements which, it
submits, supports its arguments that the claimant clearly had the opportunity
to review the Technical Proposal.

52 As a result, the defendant submits that it is unclear how this evidence
from its witness’s cross-examination provides any conclusive basis for the
Tribunal to be able to determine that the 0.5MW Turbine was intended to supply
enough power for the Sugar Plant, much less that there was a breach of natural
justice.

53 In relation to the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal failed to
account for the Acceptance Certificate dated 15 May 2019 from the claimant,
which stated that the defendant “designed, manufactured, supplied, erected and
commissioned our Organic Sugar Plant”, the defendant says that the Tribunal
extensively dealt with this issue at [87]–[89] and [90(4)]–[90(5)] of the
Award. The defendant also refers to [89] of the Award where it says that the
Tribunal had set out this exact argument of the claimant. The Tribunal
therefore did not fail to consider the claimant’s arguments in relation to the
Acceptance Certificate.

Whether the defendant supplied what it had contracted to do

54 The defendant submits that it is pertinent to note the reasons for the
Tribunal’s finding that the defendant had supplied the equipment it had
contracted to supply and was not liable for the alleged problems with the
equipment:

(a) At [122(1)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that the defendant’s
communications with the claimant were not really admissions by the defendant
that the problems were due to inadequacies and defects in the defendant’s
equipment. Rather, the communications were efforts to work together with the
claimant to try to resolve the problems with achieving sufficient power for
the running of the Sugar Plant.

(b) At [122(2)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that the claimant did
admittedly have problems with cane feeding and the provision of bagasse as
fuel for the boilers to generate sufficient power for the Sugar Plant. As
provided by Clause 3(b) of the Agreement, the claimant was responsible for the
provision of raw materials and fuel for the operation of equipment at the
plant. The claimant also admitted that they did have constraints on cane
feeding for the operation of the power generation equipment, such as
availability of sufficient sugar cane, bagasse, wood, and fuel.

(c) At [122(4)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that the claimant had not
produced any reliable technical data or documents (such as log readings of the
power generation equipment, amount of cane feeding or other data) to not only
support the claimant’s own allegations of inadequacies in the design or supply
of the defendant’s equipment, but also to rebut the suspicions that the
equipment supplied by X Company could be over-sized and hence increased the
electrical workload of the Sugar Plant, or that the constraints in cane
feeding and bagasse contributed to the shortfall in power attained for the
operations of the Sugar Plant.

(d) At [122(5)] of the Award, the Tribunal found that, ultimately, the
claimant had not adduced any technical or scientific evidence, or documents
and data, to prove their allegations that the problems were due to under-
capacity and shortcomings in the defendant’s equipment.

55 While the claimant seeks to cast doubt on the findings of the Tribunal by
stating that its findings at [101(1)] and [120] of the Award, that the 0.5MW
Turbine was having problems achieving the load of 0.5MW, contradicted the
Tribunal’s findings at [90] of the Award that the defendant had supplied what
it contracted to, the defendant says that the claimant omits reference to
several other salient paragraphs in the Award which explain the rationale for
the Tribunal’s findings at [90] of the Award. The defendant says that the
Tribunal had determined at [101(2)] of the Award that the problems with the
boiler and the 0.5MW Turbine arose out of a “mixture” of reasons. The
defendant says that two reasons, in particular, were highlighted by the
Tribunal. First, the claimant had cane-feeding problems and insufficient
bagasse which led to insufficient fuel for the boiler to generate sufficient
power for the Sugar Plant, as reflected in contemporaneous correspondence and
admitted in cross-examination by one of the claimant’s witnesses. Secondly,
there was suspected over-sizing of the equipment supplied by X Company which
the claimant was unable to rebut as it failed to produce any reliable
technical data or documents (such as log readings of the power generation
equipment, amount of cane feeding, or any other data).

56 Having regard to the Tribunal’s findings set out above, the defendant
submits that the Tribunal would not have reached a different conclusion on the
issue of the defendant’s liability, and the claimant did not suffer any real
prejudice as the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings would not have been
altered.

57 In relation to the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal failed to
account for various communications between the claimant and the defendant in
which it says that the defendant admitted to the inadequacy of the 0.5MW
Turbine, the defendant says that they in fact related to future plans to
expand the plant and were not made in the context of issues arising out of the
supplied equipment. In any event, the defendant says that the Tribunal
reproduced at [103(a)] of the Award the claimant’s arguments and submissions
that the “[d]efendant [had] admitted problems with the running [of] the
boiler” showing that the Tribunal was aware of and had considered the
claimant’s argument. The defendant says that the Tribunal had further
reproduced the defendant’s submission at [105] of the Award and determined
that such correspondence referred to finding a solution or probable solution
but “this did not mean or imply that the problem was caused by the
[defendant].”

58 The defendant points out that the Tribunal referred to an email dated 18
June 2019 from a representative of the defendant at [109(d)] of the Award and
the defendant’s submission that the email correspondence showed that “there
were cane-feeding issues on the [c]laimant’s side which ought to have been
resolved by the [c]laimant, but which the [defendant] was in any case good
faith co-operating with and assisting the [c]laimant to resolve”.

59 After considering the parties’ submissions, the Tribunal found at [122(1)]
of the Award that the alleged communications between the claimant and the
defendant “were not really admissions” but “efforts to work together with the
[c]laimant to try to resolve the problems of achieving sufficient power for
the running of the 300 TCD Sugar Plant”.

60 On that basis the defendant submits that the Tribunal did in fact consider
the alleged communications between the parties in relation to the problems
with the equipment and made a finding which was not in the claimant’s favour.
As a result, it could not be said that there was any breach of natural justice
when the alleged communications and arguments advanced by the claimant were
indeed considered by the Tribunal.

61 In relation to the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal failed to
“account for” a report from Y Entity, the defendant refers to the context in
which the claimant now places reliance on this document. First, it says that
there was no representative from Y Entity as a witness in the Arbitration and
such reliance on Y Entity’s report offended the hearsay rule as it could not
be tested by cross-examination. Secondly, the defendant says that the “report”
was merely minutes of a meeting held between the claimant and Y Entity without
the defendant, which occurred on 4 July 2021 after the Arbitration had been
commenced on 26 August 2020.

62 Thirdly, the fact that the minutes of meeting from Y Entity stated that the
0.5MW Turbine “was only capable of generating average power of 400KW to 425
KW” was considered by the Tribunal and reproduced in [113(c)] of the Award.

63 Further, the defendant says that the Tribunal also had the benefit of the
expert report of the claimant’s expert but found that it could not rely on it
owing to various deficiencies, including:

(a) There was a lack of documentation and data on the technical issues to
support his findings, and the limited information provided to him to do his
report (Award at [130(b)]).

(b) The report did not enclose the log readings of the boiler and 0.5MW
Turbine (Award at [130(c)]); and

(c) The claimant’s expert admitted that the log readings should have ideally
been checked on an hourly basis, but this was also not done. The log readings
would have been useful to check and determine the performance of the boiler
and 0.5MW Turbine (Award at [130(c)]).

64 The defendant therefore submits that, by seeking to say that the Tribunal
did not consider the “report” by Y Entity, the claimant is belatedly trying to
rely on the “report” even though the Tribunal had determined that it was
unable to rely on it owing to its deficiencies.

The spare parts claim

65 The defendant submits that, contrary to the claimant’s contention, the
Tribunal’s decision to decline to determine the spare parts claim was not “at
odds” with its previous decision in the Jurisdiction Award.

66 The defendant submits that the claimant has conflated the issues of a
claim’s jurisdiction and admissibility, which were distinguished in
Swissbourgh Diamond Mines (Pty) Ltd and others v Kingdom of Lesotho [2019] 1
SLR 263 (“Swissbourgh”) and explained in BBA and others v BAZ and another
appeal [2020] 2 SLR 453 (“BBA”). The defendant submits that what the claimant
argues to be a jurisdictional issue regarding the spare parts claim is
actually an admissibility issue and therefore the decision of the tribunal is
not reviewable.

67 The defendant refers to [178(a)] of the Award where the Tribunal cited its
decision in its earlier Jurisdiction Award dated 16 July 2021, as follows:

‘The issue of whether the issue of spare parts is part of the Agreement as
submitted by the [c]laimant or part of a separate contract as contended by the
[defendant]’ was ‘something not to be decided summarily’ at that stage. At
that stage, the Tribunal also agreed with the [c]laimant's submission that
‘unless there was something in the arbitration agreement that excludes spare
parts, these would in the meantime come within the ambit of the arbitration.
Final decisions on the factual, contractual and legal merits or demerits of
the case are for a later stage.’

68 The defendant then refers to the Tribunal’s decision at [178(b)] and
[178(c)] of the Award where the Tribunal said that it had now considered the
merits and full arguments of the parties' respective cases:

Having perused the Agreement very carefully, as well as the facts concerning
the spares, I do not find anything in the Agreement to support the
[c]laimant's argument that the [defendant] agreed expressly or impliedly to
supply spare parts.

69 On the basis that only objections targeted at the jurisdiction of the claim
and not at the admissibility of the claim are reviewable, the defendant
submits that the Tribunal has clearly reviewed the claim and then come to a
considered decision that the spare parts claim simply fell outside the scope
of the Agreement.

70 In any event, so far as the claimant’s claim based on a breach of natural
justice is concerned, the defendant submits that the Tribunal clearly
considered parties’ arguments and submissions regarding the spare parts claim
before coming to its decision at [178] of the Award. The Tribunal specifically
detailed the arguments of both parties and determined that the spare parts
claim were new transactions and contracts made outside the Agreement. The
defendant submits that the Tribunal’s finding relates to the admissibility of
the spare parts claim which is not reviewable on the authority of Swissbourgh
and BBA.

71 The defendant refers to the fact that on the first day of the hearing, the
Tribunal specifically directed parties to address the Tribunal on whether the
spare parts claim was part of the Agreement and whether it can be part of the
Arbitration. The defendant says that this dispenses with the claimant’s
contention that the Tribunal’s decision to exclude the spare parts claim from
the scope of the Arbitration was an outcome of which the claimant did not have
notice, or on which the claimant did not have an opportunity to address the
Tribunal. Having been directed to address the Tribunal on the spare parts
claim, the claimant had an opportunity to present its case. If the claimant
failed to do so, it did so to its detriment.

Discussion and decision

72 All three grounds on which the claimant seeks to challenge the Award are
based on breach of the rules of natural justice. In relation to those grounds,
the claimant says that the Tribunal disregarded and did not consider a
substantial portion of the evidence, submissions and arguments raised by the
claimant. The claimant in fact limits its case, certainly on the first two
grounds, to documentary and witness evidence which it says the Tribunal failed
to address and which arguably would have led the Tribunal to reach a different
outcome in the Award.

73 In order to succeed on a claim that the rules of natural justice were
breached because the Tribunal failed to consider certain evidence, the
claimant would have to show, first, that there was relevant and material
evidence which the Tribunal disregarded in coming to its decision. Having done
that, the claimant would then have to show that this evidence, when considered
in the context of the other evidence on that issue, would arguably have led
the Tribunal to reach a different outcome in the Award. It is not sufficient
to show that there was some evidence not taken into account. That evidence has
to be of such importance that it would arguably have led to a different
outcome. As has often been said, a challenge on natural justice grounds is not
an opportunity to appeal the Tribunal’s findings on fact or law; that is why
the evidence must be of critical importance to the outcome in circumstances
where the Tribunal has found to the contrary based on the other evidence.

74 I now turn to consider the three grounds.

Whether the 0.5MW Turbine was to provide all the power needs of the Sugar
Plant

75 The claimant says, first, that the Tribunal failed to address the Technical
Proposal in finding that the defendant had not undertaken to provide for all
the electrical needs of the entire Sugar Plant other than for the sugar-
producing (and/or jaggery-producing) operations of the Sugar Plant (see
[15]–[16] above).

76 However, it is abundantly clear that the Tribunal did address the Technical
Proposal and the claimant’s submission based on that document. It cited the
Technical Proposal in full at [48] of the Award, including Annexures III and
IV which dealt with steam and power generation. In dealing with “Issue (C)”
which asked “[d]id the [defendant] undertake that the equipment it provided
under the Agreement will meet all the power requirements of the entire 300 TCD
Plant?”, the Tribunal set out the submissions of the claimant at [57] of the
Award and, in particular at [57(c)], the Tribunal noted the argument, based
partly on the Technical Proposal, that the obligation to supply the 0.5MW
Plant consisting of a 6 TPH boiler and a 0.5MW turbine must be for the purpose
of meeting all the power requirements of a 300TCD Sugar Plant.

77 There is therefore no basis for the claimant’s contention that the Tribunal
failed to address the Technical Proposal or the claimant’s submissions based
on it.

78 Secondly, the claimant says that the Tribunal failed to consider email and
WhatsApp correspondence between the claimant and defendant prior to entering
into the Agreement and prior to finalising the Technical Proposal which
indicated that a 300 TCD sugar plant would require a 0.5MW turbine. The email
correspondence is that of 7, 14 and 15 December 2016 and the WhatsApp message
is dated 16 January 2017 (see [17] above).

79 Again, it is simply not correct that the Tribunal did not consider the
emails of 7 and 14 December 2016. The Tribunal cited the email of 7 December
2016 both at [53(c)] and [60(b)] of the Award and the email of 14 December
2016 at [60(c)] of the Award. The email of 15 December 2016 merely forwarded
the Technical Offer made by the defendant on 14 December 2016 and the later
WhatsApp message of 16 January 2017 merely stated “[w]e are almost done with
the basic engineering of the 300 tcd plant” which added nothing to the 14
December 2016 reference to a 300 TCD plant.

80 Thirdly, the claimant says that the Tribunal failed to consider invoices
issued by the defendant to the claimant which stated that the 0.5MW Turbine
was being supplied for a “300 TCD Sugar Project” (see [18] above). Again at
[57(c)] the Tribunal refers expressly to these invoices and deals with them at
[68(4)] of the Award. There is no basis for this contention.

81 Fourthly, the claimant says that the Tribunal failed to consider the
evidence during the cross-examination of the defendant’s witness (see [19]
above). The claimant refers to extracts from the transcripts and says that the
defendant’s witness agreed that if the Sugar Plant had been installed
according to the Technical Proposal, the 0.5MW Turbine was in fact intended to
supply enough power for the Sugar Plant. I do not so read the transcripts. The
first question related to a hypothetical situation where the defendant had
supplied a co-generation plant and all the other equipment for a 300 TCD
plant; it was in the context of that situation that the defendant’s witness
accepted that the co-generation plant would have to provide enough power for
that plant. The second question was whether the 0.5MW Turbine was supposed to
satisfy the power requirements for a 300 TCD sugar plant. The defendant’s
witness clearly did not agree but said “it all depends” and “[i]t’s not a yes
or no”. Therefore, the evidence is not to the effect asserted by the claimant
and the contention fails on that ground.

82 Fifthly, the claimant says that the Tribunal failed to consider the
defendant witness’s evidence, during cross-examination, that the Technical
Proposal was tailor made for the claimant’s requirements; while he did not
accept that it meant that the 0.5MW Turbine would suffice for the needs of a
300 TCD sugar plant, the claimant argues that this was to be disbelieved (see
[20] above). I have reviewed the transcript and can find nothing relevant or
material to this issue or to lead to the conclusion that the defendant’s
witness is to be disbelieved.

83 Sixthly, the claimant says that the Tribunal failed to consider the
Acceptance Certificate dated 15 May 2019 from the claimant stating that the
defendant had “designed, manufactured, supplied, erected and commissioned our
Organic Sugar Plant” (see [21] above). Again, the certificate is cited at [87]
of the Award, the parties’ submissions are set out at [88] and [89] of the
Award and the Tribunal set out its conclusions on those submissions at [90(4)]
and [90(5)] of the Award. There is therefore no basis whatsoever for the
contention that Tribunal failed to consider the Acceptance Certificate.

84 Therefore, this ground fails on the initial premise because all the
relevant and material evidence was, in fact, considered by the Tribunal.
However, even if that had not been the case, the Tribunal’s conclusion at [70]
of the Award that “it was not provided, expressly or impliedly, in the
Agreement” that the defendant would provide sufficient power for all the
electrical needs for the entire 300 TCD Sugar Plant was a matter of
contractual interpretation, and there was nothing in this evidence which would
arguably have altered this conclusion or the other conclusions of the Tribunal
on this issue.

85 It follows that this ground fails.

Whether the defendant supplied what it had contracted to do

86 The claimant says that the Tribunal inexplicably found that the defendant
had supplied what it had contracted to supply when it accepted at [101(1)] and
[120(a)] of the Award that there was evidence that the 0.5MW Turbine was not
able to achieve 0.5MW (see [23] above).

87 In arriving at its decision, the claimant contends that the Tribunal failed
to account for various documents and/or arguments which the claimant raised in
its Closing Submissions (see [24] above). However, it is important to
distinguish between two points. The first point is whether the boiler/turbine
combination achieved 0.5MW as to which the Tribunal found that “there were
indeed problems with regard to the boiler and turbine achieving a load of 0.5
MW for the 300 TCD Sugar Plant” in [101(f)] and [120(a)] of the Award, as the
claimant points out (see [23] above). The second point is why it did not
achieve a load of 0.5MW.

88 As the defendant points out (see [54] above), the Tribunal’s findings in
[122] of the Award went to the issue of why the problems with the Sugar Plant
were not the defendant’s responsibility. First, the Tribunal said that the
communications between the parties were not admissions that the problems were
due to inadequacies and defects in the defendant’s equipment but efforts to
work together with the claimant to try to resolve the problems of achieving
sufficient power for the running of the 300 TCD Sugar Plant (Award at
[122(1)]). Secondly, that the claimant had problems with cane feeding and
provision of bagasse as fuel for the boilers to generate sufficient power for
the Sugar Plant (Award at [122(2)]). Thirdly, that the claimant had not
produced any reliable technical data or documents (such as log readings of the
power generation equipment, amount of cane feeding or other data). This was
needed not only to support the claimant’s own allegations of inadequacies in
the design or supply of the defendant’s equipment, but also to rebut the
suspicions that the equipment supplied by X Company could be over-sized and
hence increased the electrical workload of the plant, or that the constraints
in cane feeding and bagasse contributed to the shortfall in power being
attained for the operations of the Sugar Plant (Award at [122(4)]).
Ultimately, the Tribunal found that the claimant has not adduced any technical
or scientific evidence nor any documents nor data to prove their allegations
that the problems were due to under-capacity and shortcomings in the
defendant’s equipment (Award at [122(5)]).

89 It is in that context that the contentions of the claimant have to be
considered.

90 First, the claimant says that there were numerous WhatsApp messages
exchanged between the claimant and the defendant where the claimant complained
that the Turbine was operating below capacity and highlighted that the 0.5MW
Turbine kept stalling when it reached a power output of 400KW, and that a safe
load for the 0.5MW Turbine was between 300KW and 350KW only, which the
defendant never refuted (see [25] above). This goes to the first point on
which the Tribunal found there were problems in achieving 0.5MW.

91 Secondly, the claimant refers to emails where the defendant acknowledged
the inadequacy of the 0.5MW Turbine or did not refute the inadequacy of the
0.5MW Turbine (see [26] above). The Tribunal referred to emails of 17 and 18
June 2019 at [92] of the Award and these went, again, to the first point, the
problems in achieving 0.5MW.

92 Thirdly, the claimant refers to the WhatsApp message sent by a
representative of the defendant, in which he says, “let us search for a
suitable turbine” (see [27] above). The claimant submits that this was a clear
admission that the 0.5MW Turbine was not suitable. The Tribunal, however,
considered communications between the parties and held that they were not
admissions that the problems were due to inadequacies and defects in the
defendant’s equipment but efforts to work together with the claimant to try to
resolve the problems of achieving sufficient power for the running of the 300
TCD Plant.

93 Fourthly, the claimant refers to and relies on a report from Y Entity
stating that the 0.5MW Turbine was only capable of generating an average power
of 400KW to 425KW not 500KW (see [28] above). This again goes to the first
point. In any case, this was referred to by the Tribunal at [113(c)] of the
Award and there can be no suggestion that the Tribunal failed to consider the
document.

94 Further it is clear that the claimant is now putting great emphasis on this
document because the Tribunal rejected the evidence of its expert (Award at
[130] and [132]). The Tribunal also rejected the evidence of the defendant’s
expert but stated at [131(a)] that the only useful part of his report was on
the technical issue of “[w]hether the Steam Turbine supplied by [the
defendant] is able to generate power of 0.5 MW”, where he said:

From the records available in the said Arbitration Proceedings, as the Boiler
was under-utilised by [the claimant], the required steam to be supplied to the
Steam Turbine could not be generated and thus the Steam Turbine was unable to
generate the power of 500 KW. Unless the fuel (bagasse/wood) is available to
operate the Boiler at its full capacity, no steam can be generated and thus
the required power of 500 KW cannot be achieved.

95 It therefore is clear that the document relied on by the claimant as a
“report” of Y Entity is very much promoted as evidence because the expert
evidence on which the claimant had sought to rely was rejected, about which no
complaint is or could be made.

96 As the defendant states, the “report” is, in fact, minutes of a meeting
held between the claimant and Y Entity on 4 July 2021 (see [61] above). It
reports results of a trial but does not contain details of why lower power was
achieved. Given the position on expert evidence, there is nothing in this
which would be relevant or material to the establishing the cause of the lower
power.

97 Therefore, having reviewed the documents relied on by the claimant, it is
clear that the emails and WhatsApp messages were either considered by the
Tribunal and dealt with in [122(2)] of the Award, or were instead relevant to
the issue of whether the 0.5MW Turbine in fact achieved 0.5MW and not the
question of what caused the lower output. Y Entity’s report was also
considered by the Tribunal but went, again, only to the power output not the
cause of that power output.

98 Accordingly, the claimant has not made out a case that the Tribunal failed
to take account of relevant or material documents or that those documents
would arguably have affected the outcome, given the Tribunal’s reasoning. On
that basis, this ground for challenge fails.

The spare parts claim

99 Whilst the defendant makes a point that the Tribunal’s decision to exclude
the spare parts claim from the Arbitration cannot be challenged on the basis
of jurisdiction as it goes to admissibility (see [66]–[69] above), the basis
for challenge by the claimant is not a lack of jurisdiction but a failure to
comply with the rules of natural justice.

100 The claimant says that in the light of the Tribunal’s Jurisdiction Award,
its decision to exclude the spare parts claim from the scope of the
Arbitration was an outcome of which it had no notice and which it could not
address, and that it was so prevented from presenting its case (see [34]
above).

101 That contention cannot stand in the light of the transcript of the first
day of the hearing where the Tribunal expressly raised these points:

On the matter of spares, although that's a relatively smaller part of the
claims, there have been submissions by the parties, so one part that stands
out in my mind is, are the claim for spares -- can they be part of this
arbitration or not? Because, firstly, one question is whether they are part of
the agreement. The next question is whether or not they are part of the
agreement, can they be part of the arbitration? So you have to look at the
arbitration clause closely to answer this.

102 On this basis, this completely defeats the claimant’s case that the
Tribunal’s decision to exclude the spare parts claim from the Arbitration was
an outcome of which it had no notice and which it could not address, and that
it was so prevented from presenting its case. It was expressly raised by the
Tribunal and the claimant was given the opportunity to deal with the point.

103 Accordingly, the claimant’s challenge on natural justice grounds fails.

Conclusion

104 For the reasons set out above the claimant’s challenge to the Award is
dismissed.

105 In relation to costs, if the parties are unable to agree on costs within
14 days of this judgment, they are to apply to the court for directions.

Sir Vivian Ramsey  
International Judge  
---  
  
Senthil Dayalan, Tharanii Thiyagarajan and Paul Aman Singh Sambhi (Dentons
Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the claimant;

Koh Choon Guan Daniel, Wong Hui Yi Genevieve and Smrithi Sadasivam (Eldan Law
LLP) for the defendant.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

1 February 2024

Case summary

DFI v DFJ [2024] SGHC(I) 4

  

Singapore International Commercial Court – Originating Application No 5 of
2023

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Sir
Vivian Ramsey IJ):

Outcome: The Singapore International Commercial Court (the “SICC”) dismissed
the application to set aside an award (the “Award”) made in an arbitration
(the “Arbitration”) on the ground of breach of natural justice, finding that
there had been no such breach by the arbitral tribunal (the “Tribunal”).

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• To succeed on a claim that the Tribunal failed to consider certain evidence,
the claimant had to show, first, that there was relevant and material evidence
which the Tribunal disregarded in coming to its decision. Having done that,
the claimant would then have to show that this evidence, when considered in
the context of the other evidence on that issue, would arguably have led the
Tribunal to reach a different outcome in the Award. That evidence had to be of
such importance that it would arguably have led to a different outcome: at
[73].

Background

1 On 15 March 2017, the defendant provided the claimant with a technical
proposal (the “Technical Proposal”) for the design, engineering and supply of
a 300 “tonnes crushed per day” (“TCD”) raw sugar plant (the “Sugar Plant”).
Thereafter, on 30 April 2017, the claimant entered into two agreements. First,
a contract with a third-party company for the “design engineering and supply”
of the Sugar Plant. Secondly, a contract with the defendant (the “Agreement”)
for the supply, amongst other things, of a 0.5MW turbine (the “0.5MW
Turbine”).

2 On 26 August 2020, the claimant commenced the Arbitration against the
defendant. In the Arbitration, the claimant contended that, pursuant to the
Agreement, the defendant was required to supply a turbine that was sufficient
to meet the power required for the running and operation of the Sugar Plant
and/or to supply what it had contracted to supply, that is, a turbine capable
of generating 0.5MW of power. The claimant’s case in the Arbitration was that,
in breach of the Agreement, the defendant failed to do so.

3 The jurisdiction of the Tribunal was challenged by the defendant, and, on 16
July 2021, the Tribunal issued a Jurisdiction Award determining that it had
the jurisdiction to continue with the Arbitration. On 10 February 2023, the
Tribunal rendered the Award dismissing all of the claimant’s claims.

4 Thereafter, on 15 May 2023, the claimant commenced this present application
pursuant to s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“IAA”) and/or Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration, as incorporated under s 3 of the IAA, to set aside the
Award on the ground that the arbitral process that led to the Award was in
breach of the rules of natural justice. Essentially, the claimant contended
that the Tribunal breached the fair hearing rule by disregarding a substantial
portion of the evidence, submissions and arguments raised by the claimant in
finding that: (a) the defendant had not undertaken to provide all the power
needs of the Sugar Plant; (b) the defendant supplied what it had contracted to
do; and (c) the spare parts claim should be excluded from the Arbitration.

Decision of the court

5 The claimant’s challenge to the Award was dismissed: at [104].

6 The Tribunal addressed the documents and correspondence between the claimant
and defendant, as well as the evidence from the cross examination of the
defendant’s witness, in finding that the defendant had not undertaken to
provide all the power needs of the Sugar Plant. In any event, the Tribunal’s
conclusion that it was not provided, expressly or impliedly, in the Agreement
that the defendant would provide sufficient power for all the electrical needs
of the Sugar Plant was a matter of contractual interpretation, and there was
nothing in the evidence that would have arguably altered this conclusion or
the other conclusions of the Tribunal on this issue: at [75]–[85].

7 While the claimant argued that the Tribunal inexplicably found that the
defendant had supplied what it had contracted to supply when the Tribunal had
also accepted that the 0.5MW Turbine was not able to achieve 0.5MW, it was
important to distinguish between two points. The first was whether 0.5MW in
power output was achieved. The second was why the load of 0.5MW was not
achieved. The documents relied on by the claimant, which it said that the
Tribunal failed to account for, were either not relevant to the cause of the
lower output or had been considered and dealt with by the Tribunal in finding
that the problems with the Sugar Plant were not the defendant’s
responsibility: at [86]–[98].

8 The issue of whether the spare parts claim should be excluded from the
Arbitration was expressly raised by the Tribunal and the claimant was given
the opportunity to address this point: at [99]–[103].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Feb 2024 (09:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

