Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 44

Suit No 148 of 2022

Between

(1)| Peck Wee Boon Patrick  
---|---  
(2)| Ding Siew Peng Angel  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Lim Poh Goon  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Poh Quee  
(3)| Haixia Crystal Construction Pte Ltd  
(4)| Haixia Crystal Development Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies — Incorporation of companies — Lifting corporate veil]

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Fraudulent]

[Equity — Dishonest assistance]

[Equity — Knowing receipt]

[Tort — Conspiracy]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts — Institutional constructive trusts — Remedial
constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Quistclose trusts]

[Restitution — Unjust enrichment — Proprietary restitution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Peck Wee Boon Patrick and another

  
v

  

Lim Poh Goon and others

[2024] SGHC 44

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 148 of 2022  
Tan Siong Thye SJ  
19–22, 26–27 September, 17 November 2023

15 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye SJ:

Introduction

1 This is a claim by Peck Wee Boon Patrick (“Mr Peck”) and Ding Siew Peng
Angel (“Mdm Ding”) (collectively, the “plaintiffs”) under a written agreement
relating to a residential construction project.

2 The essence of the plaintiffs’ claim is that they were promised attractive
returns on their financial contribution towards a residential construction
project by the first defendant, Lim Poh Goon (“LPG”). This promise was
recorded in a written agreement (the “Agreement”) between the plaintiffs and
the third defendant, Haixia Crystal Construction Pte. Ltd. (“HXC”). HXC
undertook the construction of the project. Unfortunately for the plaintiffs,
the alleged promise never materialised, and they were neither repaid their
contribution nor given their returns. The plaintiffs claim that this amounted
to fraud.

3 One of the main protagonists, LPG, was not called to testify as a witness in
these proceedings. However, the plaintiffs have already obtained a default
judgment against LPG and HXC and the judgment debt has only been partially
fulfilled by way of a garnishee order against HXC.

4 The plaintiffs, therefore, seek to pursue their claim against Haixia Crystal
Development Pte. Ltd. (“HXD”), the fourth defendant and the developer of the
residential property involved in the project, and Lim Poh Quee (“LPQ”), the
second defendant and the director of HXD. The parties agree that the focus of
this trial is against LPQ and HXD. The plaintiffs’ claim against LPQ and HXD
raises a broader legal issue which is: to what extent can the law hold
separate legal entities accountable for the allegedly fraudulent scheme
perpetrated by another entity? The plaintiffs allege that the very close
association amongst LPG, HXC, LPQ and HXD (collectively, the “defendants”) was
of such an extent that LPQ and HXD should be found liable for the alleged
fraud perpetrated by LPG and his corporate vehicle, HXC. The plaintiffs have
gone as far as to allege that LPQ and HXD were complicit in the alleged
fraudulent scheme of LPG and HXC. LPQ and HXD deny their involvement in the
alleged scheme.

5 I shall first summarise the background to the dispute before addressing the
main issues.

Background to the dispute

The parties and companies involved

6 The plaintiffs are husband and wife.

7 The first defendant is LPG. According to the records of the Accounting and
Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”), at the time of the Agreement, LPG was
the company secretary of HXD and a shareholder of HXC. LPG is currently the
sole director and shareholder of HXC.

8 The second defendant is LPQ. LPQ and LPG are brothers. At the time of the
Agreement, LPQ was the sole director and a shareholder of HXC and also a
director of HXD. LPQ is currently the sole director of HXD.

9 The third defendant is HXC, a company incorporated in Singapore. HXC is in
the business of general contractors (building construction and significant
upgrading works) and general contracts (non-building construction). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 7 dated 12 September 2023 (“7AB”) 3.

At the time of the Agreement, LPQ was the sole director and a shareholder of
HXC, while LPG and LPG’s wife, Luo Hai Xia, were shareholders of HXC. At and
around the time of the Agreement, HXC was the main contractor for the
redevelopment of the property at 10 Jalan Shaer Singapore 769357 (“Original
10JS”).

10 The fourth defendant is HXD. HXD is a special-purpose vehicle set up to
facilitate real estate development. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

7AB7.

At or around the time of the Agreement, HXD owned two properties: the Original
10JS and a property situated at Fidelio Street (“FS”). At the material time,
HXD had: (a) nine shareholders; (b) four directors, one of whom was LPQ; and
(c) one company secretary, who was LPG.

11 Both HXC and HXD were named after LPG’s wife, Luo Hai Xia.

12 For ease of reference, Annex 1 of this judgment sets out the Table of the
Change in Directorships and Shareholding for HXC and HXD from 30 March 2012 to
14 March 2022, as prepared by the plaintiffs.

Involvement of LPQ

13 In August 2017, LPQ left his previous job and joined HXC. LPG allegedly
told him that he would be made a director and shareholder of HXC. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Joint Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Lim Poh Quee and Haixia
Crystal Development Pte Ltd dated 7 August 2023 (“AEIC LPQ”) at para 13.

LPG resigned as a director of HXC and LPQ was appointed as the sole director
of HXC. LPQ was also made a shareholder of HXC, together with LPG and his
wife.

The purchase of the Original 10JS and the incorporation of HXD

14 In September 2017, an Option to Purchase (“OTP”) for the Original 10JS was
issued to “LPG and/or nominee” in consideration for an option fee of $33,800.
The purchase price of the Original 10JS was $3.38m. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Agreed Facts dated 12 September 2023 (“SOAF”) at para 12.

15 Shortly thereafter, in October 2017, HXD was incorporated to facilitate the
redevelopment of the Original 10JS. On incorporation, LPQ was the sole
shareholder and the only director of HXD (see Annex 1). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF at para 13.

Soon after, LPG was appointed as the company secretary of HXD. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF at para 14.

On 15 November 2017, three other persons, namely, Yam Tie Chuan (“Mr Yam”),
Lee Tian Sher and Er Tian Sion (“Mr Er”), were appointed directors of HXD, in
addition to LPQ. At the same time, LPQ was removed as a shareholder of HXD and
nine other persons were added as shareholders. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF at para 16.

16 On 16 November 2017, LPQ, as a director of HXD, exercised the OTP in
respect of the Original 10JS on behalf of HXD. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF at para 17.

17 On 23 July 2018, the four directors of HXD (ie, LPQ, Mr Yam, Lee Tian Sher
and Mr Er) executed a resolution (the “2018 HXD Resolution”). The 2018 HXD
Resolution recorded the names of the nine shareholders in HXD at that time,
together with LPQ and HXC, against their respective contributions for the
purchase and redevelopment of the Original 10JS. The financial contributions
of all 11 parties were referred to as “loans” to HXD. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 dated 12 September 2023 (“1AB”) 19–20.

18 In the 2018 HXD Resolution, HXC was stated to have invested $1.7m, with the
clarification that this sum represented the costs for the redevelopment of the
Original 10JS to be underwritten and undertaken by HXC. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOAF at para 20.

In other words, HXC’s contribution was not in the form of an upfront financial
contribution of $1.7m but instead HXC was to bear the costs of the
construction and redevelopment of the Original 10JS.

How the plaintiffs became involved

19 In early 2018, the plaintiffs engaged LPG and his company to rebuild their
house at Lucky Heights. Sometime in July or August 2018, LPG allegedly told
the plaintiffs that he could offer them a chance to invest in the
redevelopment project of the Original 10JS (the “10JS Project”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Ding Siew Ping Angel dated 7 August 2023 (“AEIC Ding”) at para 21.

20 LPG allegedly told the plaintiffs that the Original 10JS was a single plot
of land which could be subdivided into two plots of land with a house on each
plot. I shall refer to these subdivided properties as “10 JS” and “10A JS”
respectively, and as “the redeveloped 10JS properties” collectively. The
redeveloped 10JS properties could then be sold to interested buyers. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC Ding at para 21.

Further, LPG allegedly informed the plaintiffs that he had purchased the
Original 10JS at a price of $3.38m and intended to sell the redeveloped 10JS
properties for a total of at least $6m. LPG allegedly told the plaintiffs that
he was confident that the 10JS Project would be profitable. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC Ding at para 22.

The meeting on 18 August 2018 and the Agreement

21 On 18 August 2018, LPG and the plaintiffs allegedly met for further
discussions on the 10JS Project. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC Ding at para 23.

At this meeting, LPG allegedly assured the plaintiffs that the 10JS Project
would be profitable, and that it was popular and heavily subscribed to by
investors. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC Ding at para 24.

LPG allegedly showed the plaintiffs the 2018 HXD Resolution to demonstrate
that there were many investors in the 10JS Project and that HXC had a $1.7m
stake in the project. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ibid.

Further, LPG allegedly told the plaintiffs that the 10JS Project would
minimally yield a 20% profit for them, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ibid.

and that this would be received by the plaintiffs once the 10JS Project was
sold or had obtained its Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AEIC Ding at paras 26–27.

22 At this meeting, LPG allegedly told the plaintiffs that he was prepared to
share 20% of HXC’s $1.7m stake in the 10JS Project if the plaintiffs invested
a sum of $340,000 (the “Investment Sum”). LPG also allegedly told the
plaintiffs that the money provided by them would be used solely and
exclusively for the 10JS Project. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC Ding at para 26.

23 As reassurance to the plaintiffs, LPG allegedly told them that he was the
owner and controller of HXC and HXD, and that his brother, LPQ, was a sleeping
partner who had left everything related to HXC, HXD and the 10JS Project to
him. Thus, LPG was able to control all aspects of the 10JS Project to ensure
that the plaintiffs’ investment would be safe and profitable. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC Ding at para 28.

24 The plaintiffs eventually agreed to make a financial contribution of
$340,000. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AEIC Ding at para 29.

To record this contribution, the plaintiffs and LPG (signing as director of
HXC) executed a one-page written document which formed the Agreement. The
Agreement was prepared by one of LPG’s staff. The Agreement referred to the
contribution of the plaintiffs as a “[loan] to [HXC] for the redevelopment of
[the Original 10JS]”. The plaintiffs’ contribution was stated to be 20% of a
loan of $1.7m, with the remaining $1.36m, forming 80% of this loan, to come
from HXC. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC Ding at para 30.

Notably, the Agreement did not state the expected returns or interest, or the
terms of the financial contribution.

25 On the alleged instruction of LPG, the plaintiffs issued a cheque dated 18
August 2018 for the sum of $340,000 payable to HXD. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC Ding at para 32.

LPG explained to the plaintiffs that the cheque was made payable to HXD rather
than HXC because HXD was the developer of the 10JS Project while HXC was the
builder of the project. Hence, payment was to be made to the developer to
obtain a stake in the 10JS Project. LPG also assured the plaintiffs that he
was in control of HXC and HXD, and that he represented both entities. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AIEC Ding at para 33.

The deposit and withdrawal of the plaintiffs’ contribution

26 The plaintiffs’ Investment Sum was deposited into HXD’s DBS bank account on
20 August 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1AB130.

Shortly thereafter, the sums of $150,000 and $190,000 were withdrawn via cash
cheques on 25 August 2018 and 28 August 2018, respectively. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ibid.

These cash cheques were signed by LPQ and another director of HXD, Mr Er, and
were handed over to LPG. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC LPQ at para 43; Certified Transcript 21 September 2023 at p 6 lines 3–6.

27 On the same day that the above sums were withdrawn, the exact amounts (ie
$150,000 and $190,000) were deposited into HXC’s DBS bank account. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1AB171–172.

Change in the directorship of HXC

28 In June 2019, LPQ ceased working for HXC. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOAF at para 26; AEIC of Sheryl Lim Peck Ruan (Lin Binuan) dated 3 August 2023
(“AEIC Sheryl”) at para 5.

29 On 11 October 2019, LPG was re-appointed as the director of HXC and LPQ
ceased to be the sole director of HXC. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOAF at para 27.

Thereafter, LPG’s and LPQ’s involvement in HXC and HXD was as follows:

(a) LPG was the sole director and one of the shareholders of HXC, and the
company secretary of HXD; and

(b) LPQ was one of the shareholders of HXC, and a director of HXD.

Progress of the 10JS Project

30 On 23 October 2019, an OTP in respect of 10 JS (which was one part of the
Original 10JS) was issued to a third-party purchaser, with the purchase price
of $3.4m, in consideration for an option fee of $680,000. This OTP was signed
by LPG, on behalf of HXD as an “authorised signatory”. Cheques for the sums of
$170,000 and $510,000 (totalling $680,000) were credited into HXD’s DBS bank
account on 14 October 2019 and 23 October 2019 respectively. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOAF at para 30.

31 Subsequently, the sums of $170,000 and $510,000 were withdrawn from HXD’s
DBS bank account via cash cheques on 15 October 2019 and 24 October 2019
respectively. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOAF at paras 31–32.

32 On 22 January 2020, the OTP for the sale of 10 JS was exercised and the sum
of $102,000 was deposited into HXD’s DBS bank account. Subsequently, on 23
January 2020, the sum was withdrawn via cash cheque from HXD’s DBS bank
account. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOAF at para 33.

33 On 30 July 2020, an OTP in respect of 10A JS (which was the other part of
the Original 10JS) was issued to two third-party purchasers, with the purchase
price of $3.55m, in consideration for an option fee of $355,000. This OTP was
signed by LPG, on behalf of HXD as an “authorised signatory”. A cheque for the
sum of $355,000 was credited to HXD’s DBS bank account on 29 July 2020. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOAF at para 34.

34 On 5 August 2020, a sum of $145,000 was deposited into HXD’s DBS bank
account. Later that same day, a sum of $500,000 (ie, the sum total of $355,000
and $145,000) was withdrawn via cash cheque from HXD’s DBS bank account. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOAF at para 35.

35 On 31 December 2020, HXD issued eight cheques for a total sum of $114,759.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOAF at para 36.

36 On 15 March 2021, LPQ and another director of HXD, Mr Yam, signed a letter
addressed to HXC stating, among other things, that HXC’s “loan amount” of
$1.7m for the 10JS Project with profit would be paid to HXC’s OCBC bank
account within three days of receipt of sales payment (the “Confirmation
Letter”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOAF at para 38.

37 On 3 May 2021, LPQ and another director of HXD, Mr Yam, signed a director’s
resolution which authorised any of the directors and the company secretary of
HXD to sell either one or both of the redeveloped 10JS properties and ratified
their actions in doing so. To the same end, the director’s resolution
expressly confirmed, ratified and approved any action taken by any director or
the company secretary concerning the sale of the same property(s). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOAF at para 39; 1AB95.

Accordingly, HXD had, subsequent to the OTPs signed by LPG with the purchasers
of 10 JS and 10A JS on 23 October 2019 and 30 July 2020 respectively,
confirmed, ratified and approved the sale of the redeveloped 10JS properties
that was entered into by LPG.

38 On 6 May 2021, the OTP in respect of 10A JS was exercised. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOAF at para 40.

Change in the directorship of HXD

39 On 16 December 2020, Mr Er ceased to be a director of HXD, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOAF at para 7(6).

leaving HXD with three directors that included LPQ.

40 On 6 May 2021, two of the remaining three directors of HXD resigned,
leaving LPQ as the sole director of HXD. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOAF at paras 7(7), 40.

The plaintiffs’ efforts seeking repayment

41 While Mdm Ding was initially updated by LPG or his representatives about
the 10JS Project in 2019 and 2020, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AEIC Ding at para 37.

these updates allegedly became less frequent. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AEIC Ding at para 38.

On 11 May 2011, Mdm Ding, wrote an e-mail, on behalf of the plaintiffs, to HXC
and addressed to LPG, stating that she understood the redeveloped 10JS
properties were sold and therefore wanted to check when LPG could return their
investment and profit. A picture of the Agreement was also attached to the
e-mail, and Mdm Ding noted a “promised return interests 20-25%” [sic] when
referring to the Agreement. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AEIC Ding at para 39; Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 12 September 2023
(“2AB”) 227–228.

42 Having received no reply, Mdm Ding sent another e-mail to HXC, addressed to
LPG, on 15 September 2021. In this e-mail, Mdm Ding sought confirmation of the
status of the 10JS Project and wanted to know when the plaintiffs could get
their “investment cost + interests + profits” [sic]. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AEIC Ding at para 40; 2AB227.

43 On 16 September 2021, the plaintiffs received an e-mail reply from HXC,
signed off by LPG, in relation to their earlier e-mails. The e-mail stated
that the redeveloped 10JS properties were sold. The e-mail further stated that
because the full purchase price could only be collected after obtaining “the
TOP & CSC from BCA, Land Title from SLA, and Completion of after TOP works of
the property” [sic], the “amount” would be paid by the end of December 2021.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AEIC Ding at para 40; 2AB226–227.

44 On 27 December 2021, Mdm Ding sent an e-mail, responding on behalf of the
plaintiffs, stating that the plaintiffs were expecting “the sold property
amount crediting into our account” [sic] and provided directions to issue a
cheque or execute a bank transfer to them. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AEIC Ding at para 41; 2AB226.

45 On 30 December 2021, Mr Peck allegedly called LPG to, among other things,
seek an update on the progress of the payment to the plaintiffs for the 10JS
Project. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AIEC of Peck Wee Boon Patrick dated 7 August 2023 (“AEIC Peck”) at para 10.

During the call, LPG allegedly informed Mr Peck that the repayment was
contingent on the issuance of the Certificate of Statutory Completion or TOP
for the redeveloped 10JS properties. This was allegedly estimated by LPG to be
within a few months. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AIEC Peck at para 11.

46 Shortly after the call, on the same day, Mr Peck sent an e-mail to HXC,
addressed to LPG, to record the contents of their conversation, specifically
that upon obtaining TOP of the redeveloped 10JS properties, LPG will make the
repayment to the plaintiffs. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AEIC Peck at para 13; 2AB226.

47 Notwithstanding the e-mails and conversation between the plaintiffs and LPG
and HXC, the plaintiffs received no repayment in relation to the 10JS Project.
Further attempts to seek payment from LPG were rebuffed.

48 Subsequently, the plaintiffs discovered that another suit in HC/S 8/2022
(“Suit 8”) had been commenced against the defendants by one Ang Xinwei (“Mr
Ang”). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AEIC Ding at paras 45–46.

Based on the cause papers filed in Suit 8 by Mr Ang, who was another investor
in the 10JS Project, the plaintiffs concluded that they had been the victims
of a fraud engineered by the defendants. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement dated 12 September 2023 at para 37.

49 On 29 April 2022, the plaintiffs commenced the present action and also
filed an ex parte summons in HC/SUM 1668/2022 applying for an injunction
prohibiting the disposal of assets in Singapore against the defendants. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SOAF at para 48.

50 On 27 May 2022, the plaintiffs obtained a Mareva injunction against LPQ and
HXD, with conditions for discharge of the order. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

SOAF at para 49.

On 27 July 2022, a consent order discharging the Mareva injunction was entered
based on HXD’s provision of security in the sum of $408,000 which was paid
into court. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

SOAF at para 51.

51 On 10 August 2022, the plaintiffs obtained judgment in default against LPG
and HXC, under which LPG and HXC were ordered to pay the plaintiffs, excluding
the costs of the action against them, the sum of $497,895.60. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOAF at para 52.

On 11 October 2022, a sum of $19,090 was recovered from HXC’s OCBC bank
account in partial satisfaction of the judgment debt by way of a garnishee
order. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOAF at para 53.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

52 The plaintiffs rely on a number of grounds to claim their Investment Sum
paid towards the 10JS Project. As a preliminary point, the plaintiffs aver
that their contribution to the 10JS Project was an “investment” as opposed to
a “loan”, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 20 October 2023 (“PCS”) at para 64(3).

notwithstanding that the latter term was expressly used in the Agreement.

53 The reliefs sought by the plaintiffs as disclosed from their Statement of
Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“SOC No. 2”) are as follows: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 11 August 2023 (“SOC No. 2”) at p
21.

(1) Payment of the sum of $408,000 being the Returns under the Investment
Agreement (i.e. $340,000 plus 20% return of $68,000);

(2) Further and/or in the alternative, for damages to be assessed for the
breach of the Investment Agreement;

(2A) A declaration that the Investment Sums are held on trust by HXD, and for
an account by HXD of the Investment Sum and proportionate share of the profits
arising out of the 10JS Project (i.e., 5.70% of the 10JS Project), and payment
of the same by HXD to the Plaintiffs;

(2B) Further and/or alternatively, a declaration that LPG and/or LPQ are to
account to the Plaintiffs for the sum of $340,000 on the ground of their
dishonest assistance in HXD’s breach of trust;

(2C) An order that the Plaintiff is entitled to trace all such monies and
payments representing the Investment Sums into the hands of the Defendants (as
the case may be) and elsewhere as they may be found;

(2D) Further and/or in the alternative, equitable compensation to be assessed
and paid to the Plaintiff;

(3) Further and/or in the alternative, a declaration for the Investment
Agreement to be rescinded and for the repayment of $340,000, and/or damages to
be assessed;

(4) Further and/or in the alternative, restitution for the sum of $340,000;

(5) Further and/or in the alternative, equitable compensation to be assessed
and paid to the Plaintiff;

(6) Interests;

(7) Costs;

(8) Such further and/or other reliefs as this Court deems fit.

Claim against HXC and/or LPG under the Agreement

54 Further, the plaintiffs submit that LPG and/or HXC are liable to pay the
sum of $408,000 being the Investment Sum and the promised returns under the
Agreement (ie, $340,000 plus minimally 20% returns of $68,000). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at para 65(3).

55 Alternatively, the plaintiffs submit that HXC and/or LPG are liable to pay
damages to the plaintiffs for the breach and/or repudiation of the Agreement
by failing to deliver to the plaintiffs their contribution and returns upon
the sale of the redeveloped 10JS properties, or alternatively, by 31 December
2021 as assured by HXC. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SOC No. 2 at para 21.

Claim in fraudulent misrepresentation

56 The plaintiffs claim that on or around 18 August 2018, the date of the
meeting with LPG and the Agreement, LPG had made multiple representations to
them about the matters relating to the 10JS Project. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SOC No. 2 at paras 9–10.

The plaintiffs relied on and was induced by these representations from LPG.
They issued a cheque for the sum of $340,000 payable to HXD to invest in the
10JS Project. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC No. 2 at para 11.

57 The plaintiffs allege that the representations were false and untrue. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC No. 2 at para 17.

The plaintiffs aver that LPG made the representations fraudulently, and either
LPG knew that they were false and untrue, or recklessly not caring about their
truth with a view to induce the plaintiffs to transfer the Investment Sum so
that it could be used for purposes other than for the 10JS Project. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC No. 2 at para 18.

58 As against LPQ, the plaintiffs allege that he should be held liable for
LPG’s fraudulent misrepresentations as he had placed LPG in a position whereby
LPG represented that he was in control of HXD. Alternatively, LPG was
authorised to act for and on behalf of HXD and/or LPQ in all matters relating
to the 10JS Project. Hence, LPQ and/or HXD were bound by the acts, conduct and
representations of LPG in connection with the 10JS Project. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Reply to the Joint Defence of the 2nd and 4th Defendants dated 6 April 2022
(“PR”) at para 2(d).

Claim in constructive and Quistclose trusts

59 The plaintiffs aver that a constructive trust arises in respect of their
contribution and that HXD and/or LPQ are liable as constructive trustees. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC No. 2 at para 19.

In relation to HXD and/or LPQ, the plaintiffs assert that HXD and/or LPQ knew
or ought to have known about the Investment Sum of the plaintiffs or the
receipt of the funds from the plaintiffs into HXD’s DBS bank account. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Ibid.

Since the plaintiffs’ Investment Sum was subsequently withdrawn for unknown
purposes, HXD is thus liable to account to the plaintiffs for the Investment
Sum and net profit proportionate to the plaintiffs’ stake in the 10JS Project.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC No. 2 at para 20.

60 The plaintiffs also claim against HXD under a Quistclose trust on the basis
that the Investment Sum deposited into HXD’s bank account had been used for
purposes other than for the 10JS Project. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC No. 2 at para 26.

Claims in dishonest assistance and knowing receipt

61 The plaintiffs submit that LPG, LPQ and/or HXD are liable for dishonestly
assisting HXC’s breach of trust or are otherwise liable in knowing receipt of
the Investment Sum. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC No. 2 at para 29.

LPG, LPQ and/or HXD were aware that HXC received the Investment Sum from the
plaintiffs and that the Investment Sum was held by HXC on trust and for the
sole purpose of the plaintiffs’ investment in the 10JS Project. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC No. 2 at para 28.

Notwithstanding their knowledge, LPG, LPQ and/or HXD had diverted or applied
the Investment Sum for purposes unrelated to the 10JS Project. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Ibid.

Accordingly, a constructive trust should be imposed over the Investment Sum
and any assets acquired from the usage of this sum. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOC No. 2 at para 29.

Claim in unjust enrichment

62 The plaintiffs aver that the defendants have been unjustly enriched at the
expense of the plaintiffs and, therefore, they claim restitution. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC No. 2 at para 23.

In the alternative, the plaintiffs aver that HXD had been unjustly enriched at
the expense of the plaintiffs either on the ground of total failure of
consideration or on the ground of fraudulent misrepresentation. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC No. 2 at para 24.

Claim in conspiracy

63 Lastly, the plaintiffs claim against the defendants for conspiracy to
defraud or injure by unlawful means by coming together to defraud or
fraudulently misrepresent to the plaintiffs with the intention of causing them
to part with their Investment Sum. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC No. 2 at paras 30–31.

LPG’s and HXC’s case

64 Having failed to comply with an unless order (HC/ORC 3991/2022) obtained in
HC/SUM 2548/2022, the court ordered on 10 August 2022 that the Joint Defence
of LPG and HXC dated 23 March 2022 was to be struck out. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

HC/JUD 339/2022.

Accordingly, a default judgment was entered against LPG and HXC for them to
pay the plaintiffs the sum of $408,000, with interest thereon at the rate of
5.33% from 18 August 2018 to the date of the default judgment. This being the
case, the trial focused on LPQ and HXD as the remaining defendants in this
suit.

LPQ’s and HXD’s case

65 The essence of LPQ’s and HXD’s case is that the plaintiffs should instead
look towards LPG and HXC for recovery of the amounts claimed. Any investment
arrangement made was between the plaintiffs and LPG and/or HXC. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AEIC LPQ at para 81(e); 2nd Supplementary Joint AEIC of Lim Poh Quee and
Haixia Crystal Development Pte Ltd dated 25 August 2023 (“2AEIC LPQ”) at para
8.

LPQ and HXD had nothing to do with the Agreement. This is because prior to the
commencement of the proceedings, LPQ and HXD had no knowledge of the existence
of the plaintiffs and/or their dealings with LPG and/or HXC. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Joint Defence for the 2nd and 4th Defendants (Amendment No. 2) dated 18 August
2023 (“DD No. 2”) at paras 2, 7–9, 11, 14–16.

At all material times, LPG was in control of HXC and made all decisions
relating to HXC. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DD No. 2 at para 4A(c).

Further, LPG is not a “shadow director” or the “true controller” of HXD. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DD No. 2 at para 5A(d).

LPG had no control over HXD as he was neither a shareholder nor a director of
HXD. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ibid.

The relationship between HXD and LPG and/or HXC was strictly at arm’s length
and commercial in nature between a developer and a contractor. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DD No. 2 at para 5C(g).

66 In relation to the claim of fraudulent misrepresentations, LPQ and/or HXD
were neither a party to nor privy to the representations allegedly made by LPG
to the plaintiffs about the matters relating to the 10JS Project. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DD No. 2 at para 10.

67 In relation to HXD’s receipt of and pay-out of the plaintiffs’ Investment
Sum, HXD and LPQ aver that LPG had called LPQ to inform LPQ that LPG had
mistakenly banked a cheque for the sum of $340,000 into HXD’s DBS bank
account. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DD No. 2 at para 11A(a).

HXD and LPQ claim that they knew nothing about this payment into HXD’s bank
account and accepted LPG’s explanation, especially since no incoming funds
were expected by HXD and LPQ. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DD No. 2 at para 11A(b).

Pursuant to LPG’s request, HXD issued two cash cheques for the sums of
$150,000 and $190,000, which were handed over to LPG. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DD No. 2 at para 11A(c).

These amounts were subsequently debited from HXD’s DBS bank account. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Ibid.

HXD and LPQ maintain that they do not know who the recipient(s) of these cash
cheques was, or what the moneys were used for. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DD No. 2 at para 11A(d).

Instead, it appeared to HXD and LPQ that the cash cheques for the sums of
$150,000 and $190,000 were credited into HXC’s bank account on the same day
they were debited from HXD’s DBS bank account. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DD No. 2 at para 11A(e)-)(f).

68 In relation to the Agreement, HXD and LPQ aver that they are not bound by
the Agreement as they were not even parties to the Agreement. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DD No. 2 at para 21.

The Agreement was entered into between the plaintiffs and LPG and/or HXC. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DD No. 2 at para 12.

LPQ and HXD had no knowledge of and were not aware of the Agreement. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Ibid.

69 In response to the claim for dishonest assistance and/or knowing receipt,
LPQ and HXD deny that these have been made out. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

DD No. 2 at paras 25–25B.

Essentially, LPQ and HXD had no knowledge of the interactions and/or dealings
between the plaintiffs and LPG and that LPG alone approached the plaintiffs to
seek their funding investment for the 10JS Project. LPQ and HXD did not even
know of the plaintiffs, had never met the plaintiffs and/or had never engaged
in any form of communication whatsoever with the plaintiffs at all the
material times. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DD No. 2 at para 7.

70 Lastly, LPQ and HXD deny conspiring with LPG and/or HXC to injure the
plaintiffs and/or deprive them of their Investment Sum by unlawful means
conspiracy. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DD No. 2 at paras 25D(e).

Issues to be determined

71 Based on the substantive claims of the plaintiffs, different heads of
claims have been brought in relation to the defendants. For simplicity, the
issues to be decided can be divided into eight heads of claim:

(a) Whether LPG is liable for fraudulent misrepresentation and whether HXD
should also be held liable on the ground that LPG was the actual controller,
shadow director, authorised representative, or agent of HXD in respect of the
10JS Project. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiffs’ Lead Counsel Statement dated 10 August 2023 (“PLCS”) at p 2.

(b) Whether the Investment Sum is held on constructive trust by LPQ and/or
HXD. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PLCS at p 3.

(c) Whether the Investment Sum is held on a Quistclose trust by HXD. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PLCS at p 4.

(d) Whether any of the defendants are liable for breach of trust.

(e) Whether any of the defendants are liable for dishonestly assisting in the
breach of trust committed by any of the other defendants. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Ibid.

(f) Whether LPG and/or HXC had committed a breach or repudiatory breach of the
Agreement. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Ibid.

(g) Whether any of the defendants were unjustly enriched on the ground of
total failure of consideration or on the ground of fraudulent
misrepresentation. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Ibid.

(h) Whether the defendants are liable for a conspiracy to defraud or injure
the plaintiffs by unlawful means.

Claim under the Agreement

72 I shall first deal with the nature of the Agreement between the plaintiffs
and LPG and HXC. Was the Agreement for a loan or an investment?

Whether the Agreement was in substance for a loan or an investment

73 Before addressing the various claims of the plaintiffs under the Agreement,
there was a dispute, in the course of the trial, as to whether the Agreement
was for a loan or an investment. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 26 October 2023 (“PRS”) at para 4; 2nd &
4th Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 20 October 2023 (“2&4DCS”) at para
26.

In the original Statement of Claim dated 22 February 2022 (“SOC No. 1”) filed
by the plaintiffs, the sum advanced by the plaintiffs under the Agreement was
described as a loan, which is consistent with its description in the Agreement
as a “loan”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See eg, Statement of Claim dated 22 February 2022 (“SOC”) at para 9 (“ ... if
the Plaintiffs provided a loan to HXC, the Plaintiffs would be able to profit
from the gains from the Project once the Properties was sold ...”); para 10(c)
(“… and if the Plaintiffs provided a loan to HXC ...”); para 11 (“... LPG and
HXC (through LPG) on the other hand entered into an agreement (“Loan
Agreement”) to record the Plaintiffs' investment of $340,000 into the 10JS
Project on the spot to loan a sum of $340,000 (“Loan Sum”) to HXC for the 10JS
Project ...”)

However, the plaintiffs have since amended this description in their SOC No.
2, and defines the Agreement as an investment and refers to the sum advanced
as an “Investment Sum”.

74 Needless to say, a loan is significantly different from an investment in
substance, meaning, implications, outcome, nature and terms. A loan is a
transaction where one party lends a specific amount of money to another party
with an agreement to repay the principal amount plus (as is usually the case)
interest over a predetermined period: see Power Solar System Co Ltd (in
liquidation) v Suntech Power Investment Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 233 at [69]–[73].
An investment involves the injection of capital into a business with the hope
of making a gain which is not guaranteed, unless otherwise provided for. An
investor has a share in the business and may receive dividends if the business
generates profits. However, if the business does badly, the investor may lose
his investment sum. In a loan agreement the principal sum and interest are
certain and predictable, while in an investment there are risks that the
investor may forego his investment sum if the business turns south.

75 During the trial, substantial time was spent on the cross-examination of
Mdm Ding on whether the Agreement was for a loan or an investment. According
to Mdm Ding, at the time of the Agreement, she had assumed the term “loan” to
mean “investment”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 16 lines 12–14.

As pointed out by counsel for LPQ and HXD, it seemed strange for Mdm Ding to
now take the position that the Agreement was for an investment when all along
in her earlier affidavit dated 26 April 2022 she had described the Agreement
as for a “loan”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 23 lines 7–19.

Mdm Ding conceded that she did not indicate in her earlier affidavit that the
money advanced by the plaintiffs was an “investment”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 20 line 25 to p 21 line 17.

This change in position was described by counsel for LPQ and HXD to be
“inconsistent” and “contradictory”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 23 lines 11–14.

76 In answering the question of whether the Agreement was for a loan or an
investment, the first port of call must necessarily be the written terms of
the Agreement. For ease of reference, I reproduce below the Agreement as
exhibited in the Agreed Bundle of Documents with the parties’ identification
numbers redacted. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1AB27.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

77 Two points may be distilled from the wording of the Agreement. First, the
parties to the Agreement are expressly stated to be the plaintiffs (ie, Mr
Peck and Mdm Ding) and HXC. Second, the term “loan” has been consistently used
throughout the document. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

2&4DCS at para 27.

Based on a plain reading of the Agreement, it appears that the parties had
entered into a loan agreement as opposed to an investment agreement. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

2&4DCS at para 28.

Could the term “loan” then be interpreted to mean an investment? It is
helpful, at this juncture, to set out the approach to contractual
interpretation that is applied by our courts.

78 In applying the contextual approach to contractual interpretation, the
court will first consider the plain language of the contract and the
admissible extrinsic material that is objective evidence of its context: see
Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich”) at [130]. The Court of Appeal has
summarised the principles in CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known
as Diamond Kendall Ltd) v Ong Puay Koon and others and another appeal [2018] 1
SLR 170 at [19]:

… (a) The starting point is that one looks to the text that the parties have
used (see Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd v HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd [2016] 1 SLR
1069 at [2]).

(b) At the same time, it is permissible to have regard to the relevant context
as long as the relevant contextual points are clear, obvious and known to both
parties (see Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [125], [128] and [129]).

(c) The reason the court has regard to the relevant context is that it places
the court in “the best possible position to ascertain the parties’ objective
intentions by interpreting the expressions used by [them] in their proper
context” (see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 193 at
[72]).

(d) In general, the meaning ascribed to the terms of the contract must be one
which the expressions used by the parties can reasonably bear (see, eg, Yap
Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [31]).

79 While the plain language of the contract is undoubtedly the first port of
call, there may be cases where the plain language of the contract leads to an
absurd result based on the objective evidence available. This is a strong
indication that the text is probably inconsistent with the relevant context:
see Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (“Soup
Restaurant”) at [31]. The question then arises as to whether, having had
regard to the relevant context, the intention of the parties and their
subsequent conduct, the text on a re-examination is in fact as plain and
unambiguous as it was originally thought to be. While there may be exceptional
cases where the text is so clearly plain and unambiguous that the court is
compelled to give effect to the meaning contained therein, notwithstanding
that an absurd result would ensue, this would be an “extremely rare
situation”, because the law should generally lead to a just and fair result
(as opposed to an absurd one): see Soup Restaurant at [31].

80 In light of the relevant principles above, I am satisfied that the usage of
the term “loan” in the Agreement does not mean that the parties had intended
for the transaction to be structured by way of a loan. Rather, the parties
intended the Agreement to be for an investment in the 10JS Project. While at
first glance the plain meaning of the term “loan” appears to be clear and
unambiguous, adopting this interpretation would appear to be completely
contrary to the intention of the parties and their conduct and expectations.
First and foremost, adopting the plain reading of the term “loan” would lead
to the strange result that HXC is loaning to itself the sum of $1.36m.
Secondly, nowhere in the Agreement is an interest rate stipulated, which is
odd had the parties intended the Agreement to operate as a loan. It was highly
unlikely, based on the relationship between the plaintiffs and LPG up to that
point, that the plaintiffs would have extended an interest-free loan to HXC.
After all, the relationship between the plaintiffs and LPG was that of one
between a client and a contractor. At that time, LPG had only been engaged by
the plaintiffs to carry out the rebuilding of their house at Lucky Heights.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AEIC Ding at para 19.

There was nothing to indicate that the plaintiffs, LPG and HXC were in a
relationship of such closeness as to justify a purported extension of an
interest-free loan by the plaintiffs. I accept the evidence of Mdm Ding that
LPG had specifically told them that he was prepared to share 20% of HXC’s
$1.7m stake in the 10JS Project with the plaintiffs if they had paid a sum of
$340,000. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AEIC Ding at para 26.

81 On the contrary, it appears that the usage of the term “loan” is not as
clear and unambiguous as it would appear at first glance. Indeed, the fact
that the Agreement sets out the “percentage of the Loan” as between the
plaintiffs and HXC to be in the ratio of 20:80 supports the view that the
Agreement ought to be interpreted as one of the plaintiffs purchasing 20% of
HXC’s existing stake in the 10JS Project in exchange for the sum of $340,000.
This would be in the nature of an investment since the plaintiffs would be
acquiring an interest in HXC’s stake in the 10JS Project. Based on the final
returns of the 10JS Project, the plaintiffs would thereby receive a 20% share
in whatever profit (or loss) that accrue to HXC.

82 I note that the plaintiffs may be right that the Defence filed by LPG and
HXC is aligned with the plaintiffs’ case that the parties to the Agreement
intended the sum of $340,000 to be an investment, and not a loan. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PRS at para 7.

As can be seen from the Defence of LPG and HXC, the following points were made
which showed that LPG and HXC understood the Agreement to be an investment:

(a) “At that material time, the Plaintiffs had just sold their condominium and
they had some spare cash which they were interested in investing.” [emphasis
added] 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

1st and 3rd Defendants’ Defence dated 23 March 2022 (“1&3DD") at para 5.3.

(b) “The Plaintiffs then approached LPG to invest the sum of S$340,000.00
(“Investment Sum”) towards the amount which HXC had already invested into the
[10JS Project] (i.e. S$1,700,000.00) with HXD in the manner as explained in
paragraph 5.5 of this Defence above. …” [emphasis added] 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

1&3DD at para 5.7.

(c) “As the Plaintiffs, LPG and HXC (the “parties”) did not know ultimately
how much the [10JS Project] would be sold for, the parties then pegged the
return for the said Investment Sum at 20% of the net profit of HXC’s share of
the [10JS Project] …” [emphasis added]. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

1&3DD at para 5.8.

83 However, these are the parties’ subjective understanding of the meaning of
the terms under the Agreement and may not be relevant to the objective
approach to contractual interpretation.

84 I note that Mdm Ding had, during the trial, pointed to a series of e-mails
where the plaintiffs had corresponded with LPG on the basis that the Agreement
was for an investment. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 20 line 25 to p 21 line 4, p 22
line 23 to p 23 line 1; AEIC Ding at p 141.

I agree with Mdm Ding that these e-mails do show that the parties had
communicated on the basis that the plaintiffs had invested in the 10JS
Project. In an e-mail dated 11 May 2021, the plaintiffs had sent the following
to HXC (addressed to LPG): 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

2AB67.

On 18 Aug 2018, we have a contract agreement with you to invest S $340,000,00
[in the 10JS Project], promised return interests 20-25% after sold this
property. Understand this properties 10 and 10A were sold. So I am here to
check the status when can you return us the investment and profits?

85 Annexed to this e-mail was a photograph of what appears to be the hardcopy
print-out of the Agreement. In a subsequent follow-up e-mail dated 15
September 2021 from the plaintiffs to HXC (addressed to LPG), the plaintiffs
sought a “confirm[ation] [on] the status of [the 10JS Project] and when can we
get our investment cost + interests + profits after you sold the 10 and 10A…
jalan shaer [properties]” [sic] [emphasis added]. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

2AB67.

86 By relying on the e-mails set out above, I note the plaintiffs are
essentially attempting to admit the subsequent conduct of the parties in aid
of their preferred interpretation. This raises the issue of whether subsequent
conduct is admissible for the purpose of interpreting a contract. As stated by
the Court of Appeal in Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v Jiacipto Jiaravanon
[2019] 1 SLR 696 (“Simpson Marine”) at [78], the admissibility and relevance
of subsequent conduct in the interpretation of contracts has yet to receive
detailed scrutiny by the Court of Appeal. This was notwithstanding the court’s
earlier tentative views in Zurich at [132(d)] in that while there is no
absolute prohibition against evidence of subsequent conduct in interpreting a
contract, the courts should be circumspect in the consideration of subsequent
conduct where such evidence does not “elucidate the parties’ objective
intentions or relate to a clear and obvious context”: see Simpson Marine at
[78]. It seems that these e-mails do appear to confirm the plaintiffs’ case
that the Agreement had been structured as an investment. These e-mails satisfy
the requirements of being relevant, reasonably available to the parties, and
relate to a clear and obvious context of the returns promised by LPG to the
plaintiffs.

87 I am satisfied that the following interpretation of the Agreement best
gives effect to the objective intention of the parties: HXC was to sell 20% of
its stake in the 10JS Project to the plaintiffs in exchange for the latter’s
payment of a sum of $340,000. This is in effect an investment by the
plaintiffs in the 10JS Project which has the effect of the plaintiffs sharing
in 20% of any profit or loss from HXC’s share of the returns in the 10JS
Project. I would add that this interpretation accords with Mdm Ding’s evidence
in court that she had not given much thought to the distinction between a loan
and an investment at the time of signing the Agreement and that she had all
along proceeded on the assumption that the term “loan” referred to an
investment. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 58 lines 20–21.

On this basis, I am cognisant that the Agreement was not drafted by or with
the aid of legally trained persons. The scrutiny of the parties’ usage of the
term “loan” should not be subject to legalese interpretation. Indeed, this
approach is supported by the following statements of principle by Goh Yihan JC
(as he then was) in Compass Consulting Pte Ltd v Lim Siau Hing (alias Lim Kim
Hoe) and another [2023] SGHC 17 at [34] regarding the approach to be taken in
interpreting contracts drafted by laypersons:

... when the documents being interpreted are not drafted by lawyers, the
interpretative exercise must be undertaken in broad strokes and not with
minute precision. It is trite that non-legally trained persons cannot “be
expected to have expressed themselves with the exactitude that might be
expected of experienced legal draftsmen”, and thus, it is appropriate to adopt
a “common sense approach” to interpreting the agreement rather than a
“technical and legalistic approach” with an excessive focus on structure and
language (see the decision of the Court of Appeal in Yap Son On v Ding Pei
Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [74]; see also the High Court decision of Sun
Electric Pte Ltd and another v Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd and another [2021] 5
SLR 648 at [41]) ...

88 For the above reasons, I am of the view that this is not an “extremely rare
situation”, to borrow the words of the Court of Appeal in Soup Restaurant,
where the text is so clearly plain and unambiguous that the court is compelled
to give effect to the meaning contained therein, notwithstanding that an
absurd result would ensue.

89 For completeness, I wish to add that I am conscious that the way the term
“loan” had been used in the Agreement is strikingly similar to the director’s
resolutions of HXD dated 23 July 2018 in respect of the investment in the
projects comprising the 10JS Project (ie, the 2018 HXD Resolution) and the
Fidelio Street project (the “FS Project”) by the shareholders of HXD and LPQ.
Due to this similarity, it is likely, as the plaintiffs contend, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 65(3)(a).

that these resolutions have been used as a template in the drafting of the
Agreement. In these resolutions, notwithstanding the fact that the respective
financial contributions of the shareholders of HXD and LPQ had been described
as a “loan”, LPQ and Mr Yam have said that it was the understanding of the
shareholders in HXD that the term “loan” is to be interpreted as an
investment; the shareholders accepted that they would share in any profit or
bear the loss from the sale of these projects. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Certified Transcript 21 September 2023 at p 34 lines 4–11; AEIC LPQ at paras
34(e)–34(f); AEIC of Yam Tie Chuan dated 10 August 2023 (“AEIC Yam”) at paras
25(d)–18(e).

The plaintiffs also said LPG had shown the plaintiffs a copy of the 2018 HXD
Resolution setting out the respective financial contributions of the investors
in the 10JS Project. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AEIC Ding at para 24.

Whether the plaintiffs are contractually entitled to receive a minimum of 20%
returns from HXC

90 Next, the plaintiffs have claimed against the defendants for the payment of
the sum of $408,000, which comprises the Investment Sum of $340,000 plus an
additional 20% returns of $68,000. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

SOC No. 2 at p 21.

Therefore, the question of whether there is any basis for this claim arises
for my consideration. The express terms of the Agreement are straightforward:
the plaintiffs and HXC are stated expressly to be the contractual parties.
Accordingly, the plaintiffs should look towards HXC, and not LPQ or HXD, for
their contractual claim under the Agreement. The issue, therefore, is whether
the plaintiffs can succeed in their claim for the sum of $408,000, being the
Investment Sum and the additional “promised profits of minimally at least
20%”, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at para 65(3).

ie, $68,000 against HXC. Indeed, the plaintiffs’ SOC No. 2 under the heading
titled “CLAIM AGAINST HXC FOR BREACH OF THE AGREEMENT” shows that they are
pleading for the 20% returns of $68,000 as against HXC specifically. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

SOC No. 2 at para 22.

91 On this issue, it appears that the parties did not intend for the written
terms of the Agreement to reflect all the terms of the contract between the
plaintiffs and HXC. The evidence shows that the Agreement was hastily prepared
by a layperson who was a staff of LPG in around five minutes and appears to be
a barebone one-page document. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AEIC Ding at paras 30–31; Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 58 lines
23–25.

The Agreement merely reflects the Investment Sum to be paid, and that the
investment related to 20% of HXC’s $1.7m stake in the 10JS Project (see above
at [76]). It is apparent from the face of the Agreement that the terms one
would typically find in an investment agreement are absent. For example, there
are no provisions regarding when or to whom payment of the Investment Sum was
to be made. It is the evidence of the plaintiffs that LPG had verbally told
them to make payment to HXD, a provision not stated on the face of the
Agreement. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AEIC Ding at para 33.

Accordingly, the contract between the plaintiffs and HXC appears not to be one
that is fully captured within a written agreement. Rather, it is one that is
partly oral and partly written.

92 The question then is whether there was an oral agreement between the
plaintiffs and HXC that the plaintiffs would be guaranteed a 20% returns on
the Investment Sum. The burden of proving this agreement lies squarely on the
plaintiffs. This is provided for under s 105 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020
Rev Ed), which states that the “burden of proof as to any particular fact lies
on that person who wishes the court to believe in its existence …”.

93 As stated in Thong Soon Seng v Magnus Energy Group Ltd [2023] SGHC 5 at
[16], “[i]n a civil action, it is in the pleadings that each party sets out,
whether by way of claim or defence, the facts which it wants the court to
believe to be true”. Accordingly, it is necessary to review the pleadings to
discern what exactly have been pleaded by the plaintiffs and for which it is
necessary for them to prove. I note that the plaintiffs’ SOC No. 2 curiously
describes the 20% returns as an “interest” under the Agreement. There, the
plaintiffs state that they are “seek[ing] payment of the principal plus
interest under the Agreement (i.e. $340,000 plus 20% ie $68,000).” 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

SOC No. 2 at para 22.

The description of the 20% returns as “interest” on the Agreement could
perhaps be explained by the manner in which the plaintiffs had pleaded the
Agreement in the previous version of their SOC No. 1 where they had proceeded
on the basis that the Agreement was made in the nature of a loan (with the
interest rate pegged at 20%) rather than an investment. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See eg, SOC No. 2 at para 25(a) (“payment of the principal plus interest under
the Loan Agreement (i.e. $340,000 plus 20%, i,e $68,000)”).

Notwithstanding the ambiguity within the plaintiffs’ pleadings, I am prepared
to read the plaintiffs’ pleadings charitably to mean that there had been an
oral agreement formed between the plaintiffs and LPG for a 20% returns of the
Investment Sum upon the maturity of the investment under the Agreement.

94 I am satisfied that the plaintiffs have proven that it was more likely than
not that there was an oral agreement between the plaintiffs and LPG that the
10JS Project would minimally yield a 20% profit for the plaintiffs. According
to the plaintiffs, they recall LPG telling them that the 10JS Project would
minimally yield a 20% profit when the 10JS Project was sold after
redevelopment. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AEIC Ding at paras 24 and 26; Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 p 64
lines 19–20; Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 p 75 lines 18–22.

Furthermore, the plaintiffs would be paid upon obtaining the TOP of the 10JS
Project. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AEIC Ding at para 27.

As LPG was not called as a witness in these proceedings, the only evidence
shedding light on the discussions between the plaintiffs and LPG is the one-
sided and potentially self-serving evidence from the plaintiffs. Nonetheless,
I am prepared to accept that this was, in fact, communicated by LPG and that
this had been the subject of an oral agreement between the plaintiffs and HXC.

95 Subsequent e-mails exchanged between LPG and the plaintiffs support my
finding that there had been an oral agreement for the plaintiffs to receive at
least 20% returns on their Investment Sum. This is essentially an issue
concerning the admissibility of subsequent conduct for the purposes of
determining the formation of a contract. According to Chitty on Contracts
(Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2019) at para 13-136,
subsequent conduct may be admissible in the determination of whether a
contract has been formed and its terms. However, I note in this regard that
the permissibility of admitting subsequent conduct for the purposes of
ascertaining the formation of a contract is unsettled in Singapore. The Court
of Appeal in Simpson Marine had observed at [78] that “where the court is
ascertaining whether a contract has been formed, evidence of subsequent
conduct has traditionally been regarded as admissible and relevant, although
there is some instability in this rule” [emphasis in original]. However, the
court there also noted that “[t]he admissibility and relevance of subsequent
conduct in the formation and interpretation of contracts has yet to receive
detailed scrutiny by this court.” In the decision of the Court of Appeal in
The “Luna” and another appeal [2021] 2 SLR 1054 (“Luna”) at [34], the court
appears to have aligned itself in favour of the admissibility of subsequent
conduct to aid in the ascertainment of the formation of a contract. The court
stated that the distinction in approach to the consideration of subsequent
conduct between cases involving the interpretation of contracts and cases
involving the formation of contracts is “justified on the basis of principle
and authority”. In making this observation, the court cited its earlier
observations in Simpson Marine at [78] that evidence of subsequent conduct has
traditionally been regarded as admissible and relevant where the court is
ascertaining whether a contract has been formed.

96 I am satisfied that the e-mail dated 11 May 2021 which the plaintiffs had
sent to HXC seeking the payment of the “promised return interests 20-25%”
[emphasis added] is confirmation of an agreement having been reached for the
minimal payment of a 20% returns. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

2AB68.

I note that LPG, in his reply dated 16 September 2021, did not dispute the
plaintiffs’ assertion that a promise had indeed been made for a minimum 20%
returns. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

2AB67.

Instead, LPG appeared to have accepted that this was in fact the promised
returns when he stated that “the amount will be paid by end of December 2021”.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Ibid.

This is supported by the evidence of Selvaraj Narendran (“Mr Narendran”), who
was employed as a junior quantity surveyor in HXC. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AEIC of Selvaraj Narendran dated 9 August 2023 (“AEIC Narendran”) at para 5.

According to him, after receiving a chaser from the plaintiffs for payment on
27 December 2021, LPG had told Mr Narendran to ignore the plaintiffs’ e-mail
as the 10JS Project had yet to obtain TOP so the proceeds of sales could not
be distributed and that the plaintiffs’ request for payment was premature. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AEIC Narendran at para 36.

What is material is that LPG did not deny that HXC owed the plaintiffs the
claimed sums.

97 For the reasons above, I find that the Agreement is structured in the
manner of an investment. Furthermore, the Agreement does not capture the full
terms of the contract between the plaintiffs and HXC such that the contract
between the plaintiffs and HXC is partly oral and partly written. On this
basis, I find that the plaintiffs are entitled under an oral agreement for 20%
returns on the Investment Sum paid by the plaintiffs.

Claims for fraudulent misrepresentation

98 The plaintiffs allege that LPG had made a series of fraudulent
misrepresentations to the plaintiffs to induce them to enter into the
Agreement to invest in the 10JS Project. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

SOC No. 2 at paras 10–12, 17–18.

Before turning to the specific misrepresentations alleged to have been made, I
shall set out the relevant legal principles to establish a claim for
fraudulent misrepresentation.

99 The elements to ground a claim for fraudulent misrepresentation were set
out in Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2
SLR(R) 435 (“Panatron”) at [14]. The plaintiffs must show that:

(a) LPG made a false representation of fact to the plaintiffs;

(b) the representation was made with the intention that the plaintiffs would
act on it;

(c) the plaintiffs acted in reliance on the misrepresentation;

(d) the plaintiffs suffered damage on reliance of the misrepresentation; and

(e) LPG made the false representation knowing that it was false or in the
absence of any genuine belief that it was true.

100 The plaintiffs submit that LPG made his representations fraudulently, and
either knowing that they were false and untrue, or recklessly not caring
whether they were true or false with a view to induce the plaintiffs to
transfer the Investment Sum to HXD. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

SOC No. 2 at para 18.

The plaintiffs aver that LPG’s intention in inducing the plaintiffs to enter
into the Agreement was to obtain the Investment Sum and utilise it for
purposes other than for the 10JS Project. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Ibid.

101 The plaintiffs rely on a long list of misrepresentations which they allege
had been communicated by LPG. These are as follows: 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

SOC No. 2 at paras 9–10.

(a) the 10JS Project was owned by HXD;

(b) LPG was in charge of the FS Project and the 10JS Project, and he was the
one who decided when and how much to sell the FS Project and the 10JS Project;

(c) LPG was in control of both HXC and HXD;

(d) LPQ was his brother, and LPQ was in charge of fund-raising from his
friends for HXD, and LPQ had left him (ie, LPG) fully in charge of the FS
Project and the 10JS Project;

(e) HXD was set up as a vehicle in October 2017 to enable LPG to upscale and
become engaged in real estate development (in addition to being a builder);

(f) HXC could benefit from the FS Project and the 10JS Project by undertaking
the construction works as the main contractor and taking a share in these
projects;

(g) HXC had invested $1.7m for a stake in the 10JS Project with other
investors (the breakdown of which is per the 2018 HXD Resolution that was
shown briefly to the plaintiffs);

(h) the 10JS Project would be very profitable, and if the plaintiffs invested
in the 10JS Project, the plaintiffs would be given a minimum profit of 20-30%
once the redeveloped 10JS properties were sold (ie, at least $68,000 to
$102,000 in profit for the Investment Sum);

(i) the money provided by the plaintiffs would only be utilised solely and
exclusively for the 10JS Project; and

(j) the 10JS Project would obtain its TOP within two years and the plaintiffs
would be paid upon obtaining the TOP.

Whether the misrepresentations were in fact made by LPG

102 The only evidence that the alleged misrepresentations were made came from
the testimonies of the plaintiffs. I am mindful of the high evidential
standard that is applicable to any claim for fraud. The standard of proof for
deceit is that of the civil standard, but the fact of fraud is not easily
established. As recognised by the Court of Appeal in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng
Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and
another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [30]–[31], the allegation of fraud is a serious
one and generally speaking, the graver the allegation, the more the party, on
whose shoulders the burden of proof falls, may have to do if he hopes to
establish his case. There is corroborative evidence in relation to some of the
representations, namely those found in [101(g)], [101(h)] and [101(j)], as
there is supporting documentary evidence such as the Agreement recording HXC’s
contribution of $1.7m. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1AB27.

There is also subsequent correspondence between the the plaintiffs and LPG
showing that payment would be made upon obtaining TOP and that the promised
returns ranged from 20 to 25%, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

2AB67–68.

which implies that these representations had been made. Thus, there is
sufficient evidence to suggest that the representations were made to the
plaintiffs by LPG.

103 Some of the representations, for instance in [101(a)] and [101(g)], do not
amount to actionable misrepresentations as they are true events. The 10JS
Project was in fact owned by HXD in so far as HXD had been incorporated as an
investment holding company for the 10JS Project. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AEIC LPQ at para 93(b).

It is also true that HXC had invested $1.7m for a stake in the 10JS Project
with other investors as can be seen from the 2018 HXD Resolution. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

1AB20.

104 The representations in [101(f)], [101(i)], [101(h)] and [101(j)] are also
not actionable misrepresentations for the following reasons:

(a) The representation in [101(f)] is a statement of opinion and it also
contains true facts made by LPG that HXC could benefit from the FS Project and
the 10JS Project by undertaking the construction works as the main contractor
and taking a share in these projects.

(b) As for the representation in [101(i)], this is, at best, a statement of
intention by LPG that he would utilise the money solely and exclusively for
the 10JS Project. Statements of fact must be distinguished from statements as
to future intention, predictions, statements of opinion or belief, sales
puffs, exaggerations and statements of law, all of which do not give rise to
actionable misrepresentation: see Kong Chee Chui and others v Soh Ghee Hong
[2014] SGHC 8 at [4]. Based on the evidence adduced, there is simply nothing
to suggest that LPG did not hold this belief at the time when the
representations were purportedly made. Moreover, the plaintiffs are unable to
adduce evidence directly or indirectly that the Investment Sum was used for
purposes other than for the 10JS Project.

(c) It is axiomatic that to establish an actionable misrepresentation, there
must be a false statement of existing or past fact made by the representor:
see Lim Koon Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another [2013] 4 SLR
150 at [38]. The representations in [101(h)] and [101(j)] are not statements
of a present or past fact. Rather, they are an assessment of future events
regarding the plaintiffs’ Investment Sum being given a minimal 20% returns and
that the plaintiffs would receive payment when the 10JS Project obtains its
TOP, which LPG predicted would occur in two years.

105 The contentious representations are those in [101(b)], [101(c)], [101(d)]
and [101(e)]. In assessing whether these representations were false, the key
issue is: was LPG in control of both HXC and HXD at the material time when the
plaintiffs had entered into the Agreement? The plaintiffs allege that LPG’s
control over the operations of HXC and HXD was a “significant factor” that the
plaintiffs considered when deciding to invest in the 10JS Project. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

AEIC Ding at para 58(h).

Was LPG actually in control of HXC and HXD on 18 August 2018 when the
plaintiffs signed the Agreement? I pause to mention that the determination of
this issue will be relevant for the analysis in relation to the plaintiffs’
other substantive claims such as dishonest assistance or knowing receipt.

Whether LPG was in control of HXC

LPQ’s assumption of sole directorship in HXC

106 In respect of the question of whether LPG was in control of HXC, I find
that this was more likely the case than not. It appears that on 18 August
2018, the sole director in HXC was LPQ (see Annex 1). 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

SOAF at para 6(5).

At that time, LPG was the largest shareholder in HXC with 250,000 shares. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

SOAF at para 6(6).

The other shareholders of HXC were LPQ and Luo Hai Xia (LPG’s wife), who each
held 200,000 shares. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Ibid.

Thus, LPG and his wife held 450,000 shares out of HXC’s total 650,000 issued
shares, representing almost a 70% shareholding in HXC. Moreover, based on the
evidence of LPQ, it appears that LPG was the de facto controller of HXC. In
particular, LPQ testified that after joining HXC in August 2017, he had been
told by LPG that LPG would make LPQ a director and shareholder of HXC. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

AEIC LPQ at para 13.

LPQ had in fact been made a shareholder of HXC holding 200,000 shares on 1
August 2017 and thereafter was made the sole director on 4 August 2017. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

SOAF at paras 6(3)–(4).

LPQ did not pay for his shares in HXC. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Certified Transcript 21 September 2023 at p 14 lines 17–23.

It is material to note that immediately prior to LPQ’s assumption of his
directorship and shareholding, LPG had been the sole director of HXC. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

SOAF at para 6(2).

The conclusion to be drawn from this is that at least up to the point that LPQ
had assumed both his directorship and shareholding, LPG was in control of HXC.
As can be seen from the director’s resolution dated 4 August 2017, it was by
the authority of LPG as director that LPQ was appointed a director of HXC and
given shares in HXC. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1AB3.

LPG’s continued control of HXC after LPQ’s assumption of sole directorship

107 The issue is whether LPG had continued to retain his control over HXC
right up to 18 August 2018 when the Agreement was made, notwithstanding that
LPQ had since been made HXC’s sole director (as of 4 August 2017) and a
shareholder (as of 1 August 2017). The evidence shows that LPG was still in
control of HXC and continued to make all decisions relating to HXC. For
example, the Agreement had been purportedly made on behalf of HXC by LPG on 18
August 2018. In fact, LPG had held himself out as the “director” of HXC when
he signed the Agreement with the plaintiffs. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

1AB27.

This was notwithstanding the fact that LPQ was actually the only director of
HXC at that time. According to LPQ, he had no knowledge of the existence of
the Agreement. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

AEIC LPQ at para 81(c).

Similarly, the plaintiffs accept that LPQ had never dealt with the plaintiffs
prior to the commencement of the present suit, as observed from Mdm Ding’s
response during cross-examination: 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 p 52 lines 14–20.

Q. No, Ms Ding, my question is very simple. Did you believe, before commencing
these proceedings, that LPQ owed you any monies?

A. No.

Q. And agree that all times, up to the commencement of this suit, you have
never dealt with LPQ?

A. Yes.

108 The only time when the plaintiffs had a brief encounter with LPQ was at a
worksite located along Frankel Drive when one of the workers on-site was
injured. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 55 lines 12–16.

Even then, according to Mdm Ding, the plaintiffs did not have the opportunity
to speak to LPQ as he was busy conveying the injured worker to the hospital.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 55 lines 17–23.

109 Furthermore, I note that despite being the sole director of HXC, LPQ was
never a bank signatory of HXC’s bank accounts nor granted access to HXC’s bank
accounts. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

AEIC LPQ at para 16.

This is corroborated by Mr Narendran who stated that LPG controlled and
managed the finances of HXC and was its sole signatory. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

AEIC Narendran at para 8.

Mr Narendran’s testimony in this regard is particularly probative as he said
he wrote cheques to suppliers and sub-contractors of HXC for LPG to sign. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Ibid.

Clearly, LPG was in control of HXC’s bank accounts. After LPQ had handed over
two cash cheques totalling a sum of $340,000 (comprising the sums of $150,000
and $190,000) to LPG, these same cash cheques were banked directly into HXC’s
bank account on 25 and 28 August 2018, respectively. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

AEIC LPQ at para 45.

110 Lastly, there is no evidence to show that LPQ had made any decisions in
respect of HXC despite his status as the sole director of HXC. According to
LPQ, notwithstanding the fact that he had been made the sole director of HXC
between 4 August 2017 and 11 October 2019, LPG retained the ability to “do
what he liked in the name of HXC”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Certified Transcript 21 September 2023 at p 37 lines 1–8.

The conclusion to be drawn therefore was that LPG remained in control of HXC.
According to LPQ, he did not know that LPG had even resigned as a director of
HXC and that LPQ had become the sole director of HXC. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

AEIC LPQ at para 14.

He realised this only much later in early October 2019. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Ibid.

LPQ testified that this arrangement, ie, for him to assume the sole
directorship of HXC, was not what LPG and he had agreed to. Instead, LPQ had
agreed to be employed by HXC to assist LPG in supervising HXC’s workers. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

AEIC LPQ at para 15.

111 From the foregoing analysis, I am satisfied that LPG was in control of HXC
and that there was no misrepresentation on this basis.

LPG is the alter ego of HXC

112 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that LPG is the alter ego of HXC. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

SOC No. 2 at para 32.

I set out the relevant principles on the piercing of the corporate veil on the
ground that a defendant is the alter ego of a company. In Alwie Handoyo v
Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie”) at
[96], the Court of Appeal stated that the key question is “whether the company
is carrying on the business of its controller”. Alwie was an appeal from the
High Court decision of Tjong Very Sumito and others v Chan Sing En and others
[2012] 3 SLR 953. In that case, the fifth defendant, Alwie, had absolute
control of OAFL, the party to the agreement with the plaintiff. Alwie asserted
that he was entitled to the money payable under the agreement, transferred
money payable to OAFL to himself, treated OAFL’s bank account (into which
other money was paid by the plaintiff) as his personal account, and spoke
entirely for OAFL in the proceedings. The trial judge considered that Alwie
had used OAFL as an extension of himself. On appeal, this conclusion was
upheld by the Court of Appeal. In the Court of Appeal’s view, Alwie “made no
distinction between himself and OAFL” in relation to the agreement with the
plaintiff: see Alwie at [99]–[100]. Returning to this case, at the material
time of the plaintiffs’ Agreement (ie, 18 August 2018), LPG’s conduct in
relation to HXC parallels that of Alwie in relation to OAFL in Alwie. LPG
appeared to make no distinction between himself and HXC in his dealings with
external parties. Notwithstanding that LPQ was the sole director of HXC at the
material time, the only role that LPQ played in HXC was to help LPG supervise
the workers of HXC. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

AEIC LPQ at para 15.

In contrast, LPG, at all times, was in control of HXC, a point corroborated by
Mr Narendran, an employee of HXC. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

AEIC Narendran at para 8.

For example, he appears to have been in control of HXC’s bank accounts (see
above at [109]). Hence, I find that LPG is also the alter ego of HXC. This
being the case, references to LPG henceforth should also be taken to refer to
HXC. Thus, there is no misrepresentation by LPG that he was in control of HXC.

Whether LPG was in control of HXD

113 One of the main thrusts of the plaintiffs’ claim in misrepresentation
appears to be that the representation by LPG that he was in control of HXD is
a false statement of fact. In other words, the plaintiffs are alleging that
LPG was not in control of HXD, at least for the purposes of their
misrepresentation claim.

114 I pause here to note that this position appears to be at odds with the
plaintiffs’ allegation in relation to the other substantive claims (eg, the
claim in breach of trust) where the plaintiffs take the contrary position that
LPG was in control of HXD for purposes of pinning liability on HXD for the
actions of LPG. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

SOC No. 2 at paras 5(b), 12B and 28(f); PCS at para 3.

In any case, it is apparent that the answer to the question of whether LPG is
in control of HXD, as a matter of fact, will be critical in relation to not
just the plaintiffs’ claim in misrepresentation but also their other claims in
trust.

The plaintiffs’ allegations in support of LPG’s control over HXD

115 In support of the claim that LPG was in control of HXD, the plaintiffs
rely on a broad swath of points which include the following: 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

AEIC Ding at para 58.

(a) The OTP for the Original 10JS dated 19 September 2017 was granted to
“[LPG] and/or his nominees”, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

1AB7–12.

before HXD was even incorporated. LPQ then exercised it on behalf of HXD as
LPG’s nominee on 16 November 2017. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

1AB12.

(b) LPG was the signatory of many high-value transactions of HXD. In
particular, he was the one who signed the Transfer Instrument that transferred
the Original 10JS from the previous owner to HXD. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

7AB17.

(c) In multiple correspondence between the Urban Redevelopment Authority (the
“URA”) and Context Architects Pte Ltd, in which the former updated the latter
on the status of the Original 10JS’s planning permission, LPG was named as the
developer of the 10JS Project. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

2AB5–12, 83, 93.

LPG was also frequently copied in such correspondence. These include:

(i) the Grant of Written Permission dated 10 October 2018; 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

2AB7.

(ii) the Extension of Written Permission dated 10 November 2021; 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

2AB15.

(iii) the Refusal of Written Permission dated 8 October 2021; 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

2AB83.

and

(iv) the Grant of Written Permission dated 20 December 2021. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

2AB94.

(d) A document accounting for payments made by HXD on behalf of HXC to HXC’s
sub-contractors and suppliers for the 10JS Project and the FS Project shows
LPG’s liberal use of HXD’s funds to make payments to HXC’s sub-contractors and
suppliers. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 9 dated 12 September 2023 190–196.

This was done despite the existence of directors’ resolutions which expressly
provide for how HXC’s costs of redeveloping the properties are to be accounted
for by HXD. These resolutions provided for the construction costs incurred in
the 10JS Project and the FS Project to be treated as HXC’s loan to HXD. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

1AB19–21.

(e) LPG was also the one who signed, on behalf of HXD, the OTPs for HXD’s sale
of 10 JS, 10A JS and FS. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

1AB45–49; 57–60; 69–74.

(f) LPQ and/or HXD’s directors also deferred to LPG’s decisions in respect of
the sale of FS, 10 JS and 10A JS. In relation to FS, LPG was allowed to
acquire the property on behalf of HXD without passing any resolution. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PCS at paras 29–30.

In relation to the sale of the redeveloped 10JS properties, despite the fact
that LPG conducted the sale of those properties in mid-2019, a director’s
resolution was only signed on 3 May 2021 (about two years later) to ratify the
sale of the redeveloped 10JS properties . 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

1AB95–96.

The plaintiffs submit that this plainly shows that LPG had the authority and
power to act as he liked with regard to the affairs of HXD. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

PCS at paras 45, 47.

(g) The audio messages exchanged between LPQ and LPG over WhatsApp on 7
January 2022 (the “WhatsApp Conversation”) show LPG giving instructions to LPQ
on how LPQ and HXD should respond to the claims made against them by Mr Ang in
Suit 8. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PCS at para 61; 2AB231–232.

(h) Based on the People’s Action Party (“PAP”) Jurong Group Representation
Constituency (“GRC”) Meet-the-People Session’s letter dated 17 December 2020,
it can be seen that LPG had held himself out as the “Managing Director” of HXC
and HXD when seeking the assistance of Mr Shawn Huang (“Mr Huang”), the Member
of Parliament for Jurong GRC. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

2AB460.

This letter was written by the staff of Mr Huang to request the Immigration &
Checkpoints Authority, on LPG’s behalf, to reassess the visa application of
one Wang Shuming to permit her entry into Singapore to guide and to manage the
installation works in respect of a construction project at Jalan Sampurna, a
project undertaken by HXC at that point in time. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Ibid.

(i) LPG was granted full access to HXD’s available funds, as can be seen from
a series of transactions in which HXD had allowed LPG to receive and/or retain
a total sum of $1.137m. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

PCS at paras 48–50; PRS at para 15(2).

(j) The acceptance of LPG’s request to be the company secretary of HXD by LPQ
and the nine shareholders of HXD. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

AIEC LPQ at para 25; AIEC Yam at para 17.

(k) LPQ’s signing of the Letter of Acceptance dated 25 July 2018 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

1AB465–468.

to accept HXC’s quotation dated 25 July 2018 for the construction costs of
$1.7m without understanding or paying heed to the documents that were given to
him to sign. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

PCS at paras 31–38.

In doing so, LPQ simply acted in accordance with LPG’s instructions.

(l) LPQ’s signing of the Confirmation Letter addressed to HXC dated 15 March
2021 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

2AB45.

which stated, among other things, that HXC’s “loan amount” of $1.7m for the
10JS Project with profit would be paid to HXC’s OCBC bank account within three
days of receipt of sales payment. It appears that LPQ had raised no queries as
to why such a letter needed to be signed at that point in time. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS at paras 39–40.

116 Having considered the above points, I am not satisfied that LPG was, on a
balance of probabilities, in control of HXD. The implication of this finding
is that LPG is liable for misrepresentation in so far as he had represented to
the plaintiffs that he was in control of both HXC and HXD, when LPG was
actually only in control of HXC and not HXD. I set out my reasons below.

(1) LPG’s purported authority to make important transactions on behalf of HXD

117 With regard to the plaintiffs’ various claims in [115], I shall first
address [115(a)], [115(b)], [115(c)], [115(e)], [115(f)], [115(h)], [115(j)],
[115(k)] and [115(l)] together as they primarily relate to the allegations
that LPG had the purported authority to make important transactions on behalf
of HXD. LPQ explained that LPG, in his capacity as the company secretary of
HXC, was authorised to deal only with paperwork that were administrative in
nature. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Certified Transcript 22 September 2023 at p 31 lines 16–20.

According to LPQ, the documents referred to by the plaintiffs, although they
related to the transfer and purchase of HXD’s investment properties, they were
purely administrative matters. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Certified Transcript 22 September 2023 at p 32 lines 2–14.

Since LPG was the only one with experience in the construction and real estate
industry, it made sense for LPQ and the other shareholders of HXD to leave
matters relating to the transfer of property to LPG. The various transactions
relied on by the plaintiffs must be understood in this light. For example,
this explains why LPQ had been content to accede to LPG’s request to be the
company secretary of HXD, why LPQ had signed the Letter of Acceptance dated 25
July 2018 accepting HXC’s quotation dated 25 July 2018 for the quoted
construction costs of $1.7m and the Confirmation Letter addressed to HXC dated
15 March 2021 without much questioning.

118 However, this did not mean that LPQ had left all matters in the hands of
LPG. The final say in respect of decisions was at all times within the
collective purview of the shareholders of HXD and LPQ, not LPG. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

AEIC Yam at para 21.

It is also the evidence of Mr Yam that the shareholders of HXD and LPQ had
only agreed to appoint LPG as the company secretary to deal with
administrative affairs and paperwork. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

AEIC Yam at para 17.

LPG was also required to inform the shareholders of HXD and LPQ what documents
he had signed. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Certified Transcript 22 September 2023 at p 32 lines 17–22.

In my view, this is highly probative as to the level of control possessed by
LPG. Indeed, LPQ’s evidence that HXD was managed by the shareholders of HXD
and LPQ collectively, and the point that LPG was not in control of HXD is
corroborated by Mr Yam. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

AEIC Yam at para 41.

This is also supported by the fact that HXD had maintained its own separate
bank account, and the signatories of the bank account were LPQ and three other
directors of HXD. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

AEIC Yam at para 20.

The fact that control was vested in the shareholders of HXD and LPQ, and not
LPG, is consistent with Mr Yam’s testimony that after all, it was the
investments of the shareholders of HXD and LPQ which were at stake. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

AEIC Yam at para 21.

They were the ones who had invested large sums of money into HXD to purchase
the Original 10JS and to undertake the 10JS Project. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Ibid.

119 As for how the OTP for the Original 10JS had come to be issued in the name
of LPG and/or his nominees, it was LPG who had obtained the OTP before he had
even approached LPQ and the other shareholders of HXD regarding the investment
opportunity that is the 10JS Project. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

AEIC LPQ at para 20.

The totality of the evidence does point to the conclusion that the
incorporation of HXD – as the corporate vehicle through which the 10JS Project
was to be undertaken – was the brainchild of LPG. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

AEIC Yam at paras 8–16.

Even on the plaintiffs’ own case, they do not dispute that the idea of setting
up HXD and getting investors to fund the redevelopment projects by HXD was
LPG’s idea. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

PCS at para 4.

In fact, it was LPG’s proposal for LPQ and the other shareholders of HXD, such
as Mr Yam, to set up a company to purchase the Original 10JS for
redevelopment. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

AEIC LPQ at para 21(a).

According to Mr Yam, he thought that this was a good idea because the
investors’ interests would be protected as the property would be owned and
held by HXD. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

AEIC Yam at para 15(b).

Should anything happen to LPG and/or HXC, their investment would be protected
as the property (ie the Original 10JS) would still be owned by HXD. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Ibid.

Furthermore, I note in passing that the fact that the 10JS Project was the
brainchild of LPG is consistent with the minor point that HXD, in a similar
fashion to HXC, was named after LPG’s wife, Luo Hai Xia. LPQ’s evidence is
that LPG’s proposal to incorporate HXD for the purposes of undertaking the
10JS Project was discussed among the shareholders of HXD and LPQ and that it
was ultimately their decision to adopt LPG’s proposal. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

AEIC LPQ at para 22.

This was also the evidence given by Mr Yam. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

AEIC Yam at paras 8–16.

Most importantly, this understanding continued throughout LPG’s dealings with
LPQ and HXD, with LPG being left to deal with the execution of the collective
decisions of HXD’s shareholders and LPQ. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

AEIC Yam at para 21.

120 I shall now deal with the plaintiffs’ reliance on the various letters from
URA providing updates on the status of the Original 10JS’s planning
permission. These documents do not show that LPG was in control of HXD. While
various letters from URA had stated LPG in the field labelled “Name of
Developer”, these letters were addressed to Context Architects Pte Ltd and not
LPG. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

2AB5,15,17,83; Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 15 lines 1–5.

LPG had merely been copied in these letters. LPG was, on the dates of these
letters (ie October 2018, October 2021 and December 2021), the company
secretary of HXD (See Annex 1). There was nothing suspicious in LPG having
been copied in these letters. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 15 lines 19–21.

Furthermore, as I have found (see above at [117]), LPQ and the shareholders of
HXD had been content to leave the administrative matters involving paperwork
to LPG owing to their lack of experience in the real estate industry. I am
satisfied that LPG’s listing of his name as the developer in the letters
seeking planning permission from URA for the redevelopment of the Original
10JS would in any event constitute such an administrative matter which LPQ and
the shareholders of HXD had left in the hands of LPG. Therefore, this would
not be probative as to the level of control held by LPG in HXD.

121 I shall now deal with the PAP Jurong GRC Meet-the-People Session’s letter
where LPG had represented that he was the “Managing Director” of HXC and HXD.
218

##### Foot Note 218

×

2AB460; Certified Transcript 26 September 2023 at p 55 lines 10–15.

This letter alone does not indicate that LPQ and/or HXD authorised LPG to
mention that he was the “Managing Director” of HXC and HXD. As LPQ explained
under cross-examination, this letter was plainly a representation made by LPG
himself and did not involve LPQ and/or HXD. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Certified Transcript 26 September 2023 at p 55 lines 10–15.

In fact, the plaintiffs did not adduce any evidence that LPQ and/or HXD gave
such authorisation to LPG.

(2) LPG’s purported liberal use of HXD’s funds

122 In relation to [115(d)] and [115(i)], the plaintiffs allege that first,
the document accounting for payments made by HXD, on behalf of HXC, to HXC’s
sub-contractors and suppliers for the 10JS Project and the FS Project “shows
[LPG’s] liberal use of [HXD’s] funds to make payments to [HXC’s] sub-
contractors and suppliers”. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

AEIC Ding at para 58(d).

Second, LPG was granted full access to HXD’s available funds, as can be seen
through a series of transactions in which HXD had allowed LPG to receive
and/or retain a total sum of $1.137m. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PCS at paras 48–52

I do not agree with the plaintiffs that this is consistent with LPG’s control
over HXD. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

AEIC Ding at para 58(d).

Progress in the 10JS Project had slowed due to HXC’s delays in making payments
to its subcontractors and suppliers. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

AEIC LPQ at para 69; Certified Transcript 21 September 2023, p 67, lines
17–18, p 68 lines 7–9.

Thus, according to LPQ, at least in relation to the 10JS Project, HXD (through
the contributions of LPQ and its shareholders) had to step in on behalf of HXC
to make payment to HXC’s subcontractors and suppliers and enable HXC to
complete the 10JS project. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Certified Transcript 21 September 2023, p 67 lines 12–16.

I accept that these payments were actually payments made out of the own
pockets of LPQ and at least “another investor”. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

AEIC LPQ at para 75.

LPQ’s explanation is corroborated by Mr Narendran who testified that LPQ and
HXD had to step in on behalf of HXC to make payment to HXC’s sub-contractors
in order to allow not just the 10JS Project but also the FS Project to
continue. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

AEIC Narendran at para 42.

LPQ said that these payments were necessary as work on the 10JS Project (and
other projects involving HXC) came to a “near complete stop” in June 2021
because HXC was in financial difficulties. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

AEIC LPQ paras 73 and 75; 2AEIC LPQ at para 22.

LPQ was compelled to deal with HXC’s suppliers and sub-contractors who had
been chasing him for their outstanding invoices. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

AEIC LPQ at para 70.

In fact, the pressure on LPQ was a significant factor contributing to his
decision to resign from HXC in or around October 2019. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

AEIC LPQ at para 71.

Therefore, I find that the true state of affairs behind the payments made by
HXD on behalf of HXC was such that it was LPQ and the other shareholder(s) of
HXD making payments on behalf of HXC to ensure the smooth progress of the 10JS
Project (and also possibly the FS Project). Accordingly, this meant that it
was not a case of LPG making “liberal use” of HXD’s funds, as the plaintiffs
alleged, to support their allegation that LPG wielded control over HXD.
Rather, LPQ and HXD had only stepped in to protect their own interests by
ensuring that the redevelopment projects (including the 10JS Project) were
completed and delivered. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

2AEIC LPQ at paras 9(d) and 22–24; 2nd and 4th Defendants’ Reply Submissions
dated 26 October 2023 (“2&4DRS”) at para 29.

123 Finally, I would add that I accept LPQ’s evidence that the shareholders of
HXD had discussed and allowed LPG and HXC to receive and retain a sum
totalling $1.137m to allow HXC to complete the 10JS Project. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

AEIC LPQ at paras 60, 65–66.

Mr Yam’s testimony, that he “was aware” that cheques amounting to the sum of
$1.137m were issued to HXC, 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Certified Transcript 27 September 2023, p 23 lines 3–8.

increases the likelihood that the other shareholders of HXD shared the same
awareness and that there were discussions amongst them regarding these
payments. Again, it bears emphasising that these payments were made to HXC
amid HXC’s financial difficulties. It was in the interests of LPQ and the
other shareholders of HXD to step in to guard their own interests in ensuring
that the projects were completed and delivered.

(3) The belated signing of a director’s resolution two years later on 3 May
2021 to ratify LPG’s purported decision to sell the redeveloped 10JS
properties

124 In relation to [115(f)], the plaintiffs submit that even though LPG
conducted the sale of the redeveloped 10JS properties in mid-2019, a
director’s resolution was only signed approximately two years later on 3 May
2021 to ratify LPG’s purported decision to sell the redeveloped 10JS
properties. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PCS at para 47.

The plaintiffs allege that this shows that LPG had the authority and control
over HXD. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Ibid.

In my view, this does not necessarily show LPG had the authority or control
over HXD as this act must be viewed in its context. Again, it bears repeating
that by mid-2019, the shareholders of HXD and LPQ became increasingly
concerned about the 10JS Project due to the slow progress in the construction
of the 10JS Project. This was largely due to HXC’s delay in making payments to
its suppliers and sub-contractors. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

AEIC LPQ at paras 67–69.

According to LPQ, this problem was discussed amongst the shareholders of HXD
and himself and they eventually decided to sell the redeveloped 10JS
properties as soon as possible. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

AEIC LPQ at para 51.

No actual price was agreed upon. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Ibid.

I accept that the shareholders of HXD and LPQ agreed to sell the redeveloped
10JS properties as long as they could recover their investments and make some
profit. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

AEIC LPQ at para 51; AEIC Yam at para 41.

I accept that the true state of affairs was not, as the plaintiffs claim, that
“the [shareholders of HXD and LPQ] were completely under LPG’s influence” and
had “accepted [LPG’s] ideas and simply went along with it, without any
discussion”. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

PCS at para 23.

Ultimately, LPQ’s testimony as to the discussions amongst HXD’s shareholders
and himself is corroborated by Mr Yam, who gave evidence that it was
ultimately HXD’s shareholders and LPQ themselves who gave the mandate to sell
the redeveloped 10JS properties in mid-2019. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

AEIC Yam at para 39.

The testimonies of LPQ and Mr Yam, being persons involved in these
discussions, would be probative as to what was actually discussed amongst
HXD’s shareholders and LPQ.

125 Additionally, as I was open to the possibility that such discussions could
have been conducted verbally, I was not persuaded by the plaintiffs’ point
that LPQ and Mr Yam ought to be disbelieved because “LPQ did not disclose any
contemporaneous communications between LPG, the [shareholders of HXD] and him
evidencing any sort of discussion or exchange in respect of LPG’s proposed
ideas.” 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

PCS at para 23; PRS at para 16.

126 I further accept that the mandate to sell the redeveloped 10JS properties
was then communicated to LPG who was tasked with arranging the sale. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

AEIC LPQ at para 51.

Pursuant to this mandate, LPG, acting with the assistance of the father of one
of HXD’s shareholders, Ang Leong Hao, managed to sell 10 JS and 10A JS for a
small profit on 23 October 2019 and 30 July 2020 respectively. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Ibid.

The critical factor is that the mandate to sell came from the shareholders of
HXD and LPQ and not LPG. This shows that it was ultimately the HXD’s
shareholders and LPQ who had the final say in important matters in HXD even
though the execution of these matters (eg, the execution of the relevant
paperwork) may have been left in the hands of LPG.

127 In this regard, the plaintiffs rely on the case of Sakae Holdings Ltd v
Gryphon Real Estate Investment Corp Pte Ltd and others (Foo Peow Yong Douglas,
third party) and another suit [2017] SGHC 73 (“Sakae Holdings”) where Judith
Prakash JA (as she then was) held that one Ong Siew Kwee (“Andy Ong”) was a
shadow director of the defendant company. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

PCS at para 18.

This was based on the fact that Andy Ong was not merely consulted on the
company’s affairs but had played a dominant role in its major corporate
decisions. Andy Ong was able to, and in fact did, act unilaterally in key
areas of corporate decision-making and he had a highly influential role in
directing the company’s affairs. The degree of control held by Andy Ong in the
company was such that the director of the company relied on Andy Ong’s
instructions to the point of “unquestioning deference” (Sakae Holdings at
[42]). In my view, the present case is distinguishable. Quite apart from the
dominant role played by Andy Ong in Sakae Holdings, the role LPG played was
more akin to a consultant in HXD’s affairs. Ultimately, it was the
shareholders of HXD and LPQ who had the final say on key matters concerning
HXD. I am unable to see how they had displayed the same “unquestioning
deference” to LPG as seen in Sakae Holdings.

(4) LPG’s purported instructions to LPQ via WhatsApp

128 Turning now to [115(g)], this is the plaintiffs’ allegation that LPG’s
control over HXD can be observed from the WhatsApp Conversation, where LPG had
purportedly given instructions to LPQ as to how LPQ and HXD should behave in
response to the claims made against them by Mr Ang in Suit 8. In one of the
recordings, LPG told LPQ that “[e]verything involves [himself and HXC] only
and does not involve [LPQ and HXD] at all” and his position that LPQ and HXD
“are not related to this matter”. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

2AB232.

At most, the WhatsApp Conversation shows that LPQ and HXD had nothing to do
with Mr Ang’s or the plaintiffs’ claims against LPG and HXC. This is factually
correct in that LPQ and HXD were not involved in the Agreement between the
plaintiffs and LPG and HXC. However, the WhatsApp Conversation does not go so
far as to provide evidence of LPQ taking instructions from LPG. Instead,
having read the transcript of the WhatsApp Conversation in its totality, LPQ
explained that he was not seeking “direction[s]” (in the words of counsel for
the plaintiffs) from LPG. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Certified Transcript 26 September 2023, p 45 lines 1–4.

Rather, LPQ was merely inquiring from LPG on how the latter was going to
resolve the issues that have been raised at the onset of Suit 8, specifically
the Mareva injunction order that was issued against LPQ and HXD. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Ibid.

Indeed, this coheres with the following exchange between LPG and LPQ in the
WhatsApp Conversation: 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

2AB235.

[LPQ]: How do you want to resolve this case？ Presently all the bank accounts
have been frozen. I… You resolve it quickly. I don’t know how to resolve it.

[LPQ]: The situation now, what is the meaning? The situation now, what is the
meaning?

[LPG]: I said I am driving.

[LPG]: I spoke to the lawyer just now. He said in future this will not concern
you. Take out the name first.

[LPQ]: In this case, can’t TOP on the 10th? Can’t TOP on the 10th?

[LPG]: I told him to push everything to me. I will not fight with them.
Everybody don’t need to fight. I don’t fight. I suggested to close down
everything just now. Closing down is the easiest way but for the sake of TOP,
cannot close down. Have to delay a little, delay a little, and then close them
all. Then your name and Development name, he will fight to say that this has
nothing to do with you.

[emphasis added]

129 In the course of the trial, counsel for the plaintiffs had also pointed to
an excerpt in the transcript of the WhatsApp Conversation where LPG appears to
refer to HXD as “our Development”. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Certified Transcript 26 September 2023, p 49 lines 22–25, p 50 lines 1–10.

According to the plaintiffs, this was indicative of LPG’s control over HXD.
The excerpt of the WhatsApp Conversation is as follows: 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

2AB236.

[LPG]: Proceed with TOP as usual. This does not involve TOP. Proceed with TOP
and work as usual. It is unrelated to this. TOP can proceed as usual.

[LPG]: Because today’s matter is only one-sided matter. Today court will not
hear us talk about these matters, only about his matters. …During zoom, we can
talk about our matters and raise our requests about what items to proceed as
usual, what items are not related to you, etc. We can then talk about these
matters. Today, they don’t listen to us speak.

[LPQ]: Are you proceeding with number 45 as usual.? Number 45 involves a sum
of money so if you don’t proceed as usual, both sides may go bad.

[LPG]: Proceed with number 45 as usual. Proceed with everything as usual. When
we fight the case, we have to set aside $1 million to fight the case. That’s
all. All sums above $1 million can be taken. No problem. If you can prove that
you have $1 million, then you can take the remaining sums and you can use all
remaining sums. We are fighting for the case that your name and Development
are not related to this matter. Because he saw that our Development has money
so he made this move.

[LPG]: I asked Buay Sai to ask Yam Shun’s kid to fight. Buay Sai to ask Yam
Shun’s kid. Yam Shun’s kid knows this side’s lawyer, he said.

[LPQ]: Knowing the lawyer should not matter much. Just now, the lawyer seems
quite capable. Didn’t you ask Naren to call Yam Shun’s kid?

[emphasis added]

130 Based on the excerpt above, the plaintiffs suggest that this is evidence
of LPG’s control over HXD as he appears to have treated HXD as a company
belonging to him. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Certified Transcript 26 September 2023 at p 49 lines 17–24 and p 50 at lines
2–19.

I do not agree that LPG’s passing reference to HXD as “our Development”
necessarily proves that LPG possessed control over HXD. If anything, the fact
that LPG referred to HXD as “our Development” [emphasis added] shows at best
that control was shared between LPG and LPQ. It does not go so far as to
support the plaintiffs’ case that HXD was controlled by LPG. Nothing said by
LPQ in the WhatsApp Conversation confirms the plaintiffs’ claim of LPG’s
purported ownership over HXD.

131 For the above reasons, I do not agree that LPG had control over HXD. In
the course of the trial, counsel for LPQ and HXD had questioned Mr Peck on
whether the plaintiffs had conducted the relevant ACRA searches to verify
LPG’s claims of ownership and control over HXD. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 69 lines 21–25.

Mr Peck agreed that he did not check and that he simply “took [LPG’s] word for
it”. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Ibid.

Even if this was the case, this would not necessarily defeat the plaintiffs’
claim for fraudulent misrepresentation. Where a false representation has been
proven, it is immaterial that the representee was negligent in failing to
verify the representation, notwithstanding the availability of materials for
verification: see Axis Megalink Sdn Bhd v Far East Mining Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC
243 at [125], citing the English Court of Appeal decision of Redgrave v Hurd
(1881) 20 Ch D 1.

132 Notwithstanding the above however, I am ultimately of the view that the
plaintiffs had failed to prove that there was any fraudulent
misrepresentation, which I shall explain below.

133 To recapitulate, the plaintiffs have shown that LPG had represented that
he was in control of HXD. I further accept that LPG was not, as a matter of
fact, in control of HXD. Therefore, the representation by LPG to this effect
would undoubtedly be a false statement of fact. However, a false statement of
fact alone is insufficient to establish a claim for fraudulent
misrepresentation. Earlier, I referred to the elements in Panatron (see above
at [99]) to be fulfilled in a claim for fraudulent misrepresentation. In this
case, the plaintiffs must go on further to show that LPG made the false
representation knowing that it was false or that he had lacked any genuine
belief that it was true.

134 Bearing in mind further that a claim for fraudulent misrepresentation is
subject to a high evidential standard, I am not satisfied that LPG is liable
for fraudulent misrepresentation because the plaintiffs are unable to show
that LPG had made the false representation knowing that it was false or that
he had lacked any genuine belief that it was true. Unfortunately, no direct
evidence on the state of mind of LPG was available as LPG stopped
participating in the early stages of these proceedings. Nonetheless, the
picture which emerges from the evidence adduced is that LPG, more likely than
not, did genuinely believe that he was in control of HXD. This is
notwithstanding the true state of affairs which was one where LPQ and the
shareholders of HXD were really in control of HXD, albeit LPQ and HXD were
content to leave administrative matters in the hands of LPG given LPG’s
experience in the real estate industry (see my findings above at [117]). After
all, the 10JS Project was LPG’s brainchild. He was also the company secretary
of HXD. The shareholders of HXD and LPQ were not experienced in the
construction industry and had to tap on LPG’s experience in the construction
and real estate industry. To my mind, it seemed likely that LPG believed that
he had a strong influence on LPQ and the shareholders of HXD and thus he
concluded (wrongly, as it turns out as a matter of law) that he also wielded
control over HXD. Accordingly, it appears to me that LPG did not make the
false representation that he was in control of HXD knowing that it was false
or that he lacked any genuine belief that it was true. At best, LPG may have
been negligent in his misrepresentation. However, as the plaintiffs have not
pleaded a claim for negligent misrepresentation, I shall say no more on this.

Whether LPQ or HXD can be held liable for LPG’s misrepresentation

135 I now turn to address the plaintiffs’ pleading that should this court find
that LPG is liable for fraudulent misrepresentation, LPQ and/or HXD should
also be held liable for LPG’s fraudulent misrepresentation. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

PR at para 2(b).

In light of my finding above that LPG did not commit any fraudulent
misrepresentation, this is sufficient to dispose of the plaintiffs’ claim for
fraudulent misrepresentation against LPQ and/or HXD. I note that the
plaintiffs have not proceeded on this line of argumentation against LPQ and/or
HXD in their closing submissions.

136 Nonetheless, I shall state my views on why the plaintiffs’ claim against
LPQ and/or HXD for LPG’s fraudulent misrepresentations would have failed in
any case.

(1) LPQ’s liability for LPG’s misrepresentations

137 The plaintiffs’ case against LPQ proceeds on two bases: 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Ibid.

(a) LPQ had placed LPG in a position whereby LPG represented that he was in
control of HXC; or

(b) alternatively, LPG was authorised to act for and on behalf of LPQ in all
matters related to the 10JS Project.

138 According to the plaintiffs, these meant that LPQ was bound by the acts,
conduct and representations of LPG in connection with the 10JS Project. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Ibid.

First and foremost, I note that the plaintiffs have only gone so far as to
plead in their Reply to the Joint Defence of the 2nd and 4th Defendants dated
6 April 2022 that LPQ had placed LPG in a position whereby LPG could represent
that he was in control of HXC. I have found above that LPG was in fact in
control of HXC. Accordingly, there is no misrepresentation in this regard and
the question of LPQ’s liability does not even arise.

139 In any case, I do not agree that LPQ can be held liable for any of LPG’s
misrepresentations, even if these were actionable. I note that in the first
place there is no relationship of principal and agent between LPQ and LPG for
liability to even arise as against LPQ. Any such relationship could have only
existed between LPG and HXD, given that LPG was the company secretary of HXD.
Even assuming that there was a relationship of principal and agent between LPQ
and LPG, I am unable to see how LPQ had conferred either actual or ostensible
authority on LPG to make any of his representations to the plaintiffs. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

2&4DCS at para 53.

More specifically, LPQ had not placed LPG in a position whereby LPG could
represent that he was in control of HXC (or HXD). Clearly, there was no actual
authority conferred on LPG to make any of the representations that he did.
After all, LPQ at the material time was not even aware of the existence of the
plaintiffs. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

AEIC LPQ at para 81(c).

In respect of LPG’s ostensible authority, I considered it crucial that at no
point in time had the plaintiffs dealt with either LPQ or HXD prior to the
commencement of the present suit. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 55 lines 10–23.

There is simply no basis to argue that LPQ (or even HXD) had placed LPG in a
position whereby LPG could represent that he was in control or had the
requisite authority to act on behalf of HXC. According to the plaintiffs, they
had not dealt with LPQ at all. Mdm Ding accepted that she did not even check
with LPQ if LPG was indeed an owner or controller of HXC and HXD. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 51 lines 9–12.

(2) HXD’s liability for LPG’s misrepresentations

140 Putting aside the potential liability of LPQ, I turn next to consider
whether any potential liability can be placed on HXD. I note that it is
unclear from the plaintiffs’ pleadings whether they also allege liability
against HXD for LPG’s misrepresentations. Nonetheless, to the extent that the
plaintiffs have done so (and to the extent that counsel for LPQ and HXD have
dealt with such an argument imputing liability on HXD), 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

2&4DCS at paras 53–54.

I would not have found favour with such an argument.

141 I am unable to see how HXD can be found liable for the representations of
LPG, who was at the material time, on 18 August 2018, HXD’s company secretary.
An unauthorised agent may be able to bind his principal where he may be said
to have ostensible authority. Ostensible authority arises where the principal,
by his words or conduct, leads another to believe that the agent has the
requisite authority to act on the principal’s behalf. Where a third party
transacts with the apparently authorised agent on the faith of this belief,
the principal may be bound by the acts of the unauthorised agent as though the
latter is indeed duly authorised: see Lew, Solomon v Kaikhushru Shiavax
Nargolwala and others and another appeal [2021] 2 SLR 1 at [50]; Freeman &
Lockyer v Buckhurst Park Properties (Mangal) Ltd [1964] 2 QB 480 at 503. Given
that ostensible authority arises as a result of the principal’s representation
to the third party, it follows that the unauthorised agent’s own
representation as to his alleged authority cannot bind the principal. As
counsel for LPQ and HXD have pointed out, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

2&4DCS at para 53.

self-authorisation is insufficient to bind a principal: see Ong Han Ling and
another v American International Assurance Co Ltd and others [2018] 5 SLR 549
at [143]. The present case is plainly one involving self-authorisation by LPG.
All representations had been communicated by LPG and LPG alone. According to
Mdm Ding, the extent of her dealing with HXD was only that the plaintiffs had
“issued the [cheque], 340,000, to [HXD]”. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 52 lines 21–24, p 53 lines 5–16.

As pointed out by counsel for LPQ and HXD, the request to issue the cheque in
HXD’s name had come from LPG himself. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 52 line 25, p 53 lines 1–4.

At no point in time can it be said that the plaintiffs had interacted directly
with HXD (or even LPQ) for the latter to give any impression to the plaintiffs
that LPG was in control of HXD, let alone HXC. This is seen from the following
exchange in the cross-examination of Mdm Ding: 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Certified Transcript 19 September 2023 at p 52 line 21 to p 53 line 16.

Q. Do you agree that at all times, prior to commencing this suit, you never
dealt with HXD?

A. I deal with HXD because I issued the check, 340,000, to this company.

Q. And you did that because LPG asked you to do it; correct?

A. Because LPG asked me to pay this 340,000 as an investment to purchase 20
per cent out from HXC stake for this 10 Jalan Shaer project.

Q. Ms Ding, my question to you is a bit finer than that. Do you agree at all
times, prior to this suit being commenced, you never dealt with HXD at all?

A. I issued a cheque to HXD, why never deal?

Q. Right. So your sum total of your dealings with HXD is because you issued a
cheque to HXD?

A. Yes.

Q. That's the only time you, in your words, dealt with HXD?

A. Because LPG told me that this 340,000 will be banked into HXD because HXD
is the development for this project and you are buying HXC 20 per cent of the
stake, which is 340,000 into this project investment.

142 The only conduct on the part of HXD which could have possibly implicated
it for the representations of LPG is LPG’s designation as “company secretary”.
I would preface my analysis here with the observation that it appears, based
on Mr Peck’s testimony, that the plaintiffs had not even known of the
existence of HXD as a distinct entity from HXC until 18 August 2018, the same
day they had signed the Agreement. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 70 line 24 to p 72 line 3.

Accordingly, LPG’s official designation as the “company secretary” of HXD
would not even have operated on the minds of the plaintiffs to provide any
basis for the plaintiffs to claim that HXD had held out LPG to have any
authority to make any decisions on behalf of HXD. This alone would defeat any
argument of LPG having ostensible authority to make the representations he did
on account of his official designation as company secretary. However, I would
go further to state that I would not have been satisfied by any argument that
the title of “company secretary” alone would be indicative of any high level
of authority possessed by LPG. According to Mdm Ding, even within her own
companies, the company secretary is not typically conferred with authority in
relation to important matters. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 22 lines 2–13.

In particular, she accepts that “[i]n my company, secretary cannot sign the
documents like important OTP, only the director of the company can sign for
the documents like that, in my company”. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 22 lines 2–4.

Therefore, I am of the view that the title of “company secretary” is similar
to that of “finance manager” in Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540 (“Skandinaviska”), a title which the Court of
Appeal found did not connote possession of any specific authority
(Skandinaviska at [51]). HXD cannot be taken to have held out to the
plaintiffs by either its actions (of which there was none) or by LPG’s title
of “company secretary” that LPG had any authority to make on its behalf the
kind of representations made by LPG.

143 Accordingly, I reject the plaintiffs’ submission that either LPQ or HXD
had placed LPG in a position whereby LPG could represent that he was in
control of HXD.

144 Therefore, I find that the plaintiffs have not discharged their burden of
proving that LPG had been authorised carte blanche to act for and on behalf of
HXD and/or LPQ in all matters relating to the 10JS Project. LPG, as the
company secretary of HXD, was authorised to deal only with paperwork that were
administrative in nature. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Certified Transcript 22 September 2023 at p 31 lines 16–20.

The documents referred to by the plaintiffs, although concerning the transfer
and purchase of HXD’s investment properties, were within the scope of LPG as
HXD’s company secretary as he was executing the decisions made by LPQ and the
shareholders of HXD. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Certified Transcript 22 September 2023 at p 34 lines 16–18.

Furthermore, LPG was required to inform LPQ and the shareholders of HXD what
documents he had signed. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Certified Transcript 22 September 2023 at p 32 lines 17–22.

Ultimately, important decisions were made by LPQ and the shareholders of HXD,
not LPG. LPG was only tasked with the handling of the paperwork for matters
decided by the shareholders of HXD and LPQ.

Claim in constructive trust

145 In their SOC No. 2, the plaintiffs seek a declaration that HXD hold the
Investment Sum on a constructive trust for the plaintiffs. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

SOC No. 2 at p 21.

As against LPG and/or HXC, the plaintiffs have not made clear how a
constructive trust arises as against them. It is unclear how the Agreement
between the plaintiffs and HXC (or LPG, on the assumption that LPG is the
alter ego of HXC) would, by itself, cause a constructive trust to arise. In
any event, as default judgment has been issued against LPG and HXC, it is not
necessary for me to say more about the claim against LPG and HXC.

146 As against LPQ and/or HXD, the plaintiffs pleaded that a constructive
trust arises over the Investment Sum on the basis that HXD and/or LPQ knew
and/or ought to have known of the plaintiffs’ investment. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

SOC No. 2 at para 19.

Further, the plaintiffs allege that there was a constructive trust as the
Investment Sum was deposited into HXD's DBS bank account and was later
withdrawn in two different sums on 25 August 2018 and on 28 August 2018, and
utilised for purposes unknown. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Ibid.

This argument appears to be separate and distinct from the claim that LPQ be
liable as a constructive trustee for dishonestly assisting a purported breach
of trust by HXD. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

SOC No. 2 at para 29.

147 Notwithstanding that a claim in constructive trust appeared to have been
pleaded against both LPQ and HXD in their SOC No. 2, 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

SOC No. 2 at para 19.

the plaintiffs’ closing submissions have confined their claim in constructive
trust against only HXD, and not LPQ. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

PCS at para 69.

Nevertheless, I shall address the plaintiffs’ claim against LPQ and HXD and
explain why no constructive trust arises as against them.

148 In determining whether there was a constructive trust arising over the
Investment Sum, it is helpful to refer to the decision of Vinodh Coomaraswamy
J in Zaiton bte Adom v Nafsiah bte Wagiman and another [2023] 3 SLR 533
(“Zaiton”), which sets out the applicable legal principles in relation to
institutional constructive trusts. There, the plaintiff submitted (at [103])
that an institutional constructive trust arises in equity whenever a recipient
of property behaves unconscionably in the general sense in relation to the
said property, citing the dictum of Millett LJ (as he then was) in Paragon
Finance plc v DB Thakerar & Co [1999] 1 All ER 400, cited in Guy Neale and
others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy Neale (CA)”) at
[124]–[125]:

A constructive trust arises by operation of law whenever the circumstances are
such that it would be unconscionable for the owner of property (usually but
not necessarily the legal estate) to assert his own beneficial interest in the
property and deny the beneficial interest of another.

149 In rejecting the plaintiff’s submission that proof of unconscionability in
the general sense is sufficient to establish a constructive trust,
Coomaraswamy J stated (Zaiton at [104]):

104 The plaintiff’s foundational proposition is fundamentally misconceived. A
constructive trust is not equity’s response to conduct by [the alleged
trustee] which is unconscionable only in the general sense of being conduct
which is either not right or reasonable or which is contrary to good
conscience. Unconscionability in that general sense is a necessary but not a
sufficient condition for a constructive trust to arise. The Court of Appeal
made that clear in Guy Neale (CA) (at [124]) by framing Millett LJ’s dictum as
merely a general definition of an institutional constructive trust rather than
a comprehensive definition. It is significant that the Court of Appeal went on
to situate the facts of Guy Neale (CA) within one of the specific categories
and circumstances in which an institutional constructive trust arises, ie, a
person making a profit in breach of his fiduciary duty (at [126]).

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

150 Accordingly, Coomaraswamy J emphasised that a constructive trust does not
arise upon a mere allegation of unconscionability in the general sense. It is
necessary to go further to show how the conduct falls into any of the
established categories which equity has recognised as being capable of giving
rise to an institutional constructive trust (at [107]–[108]):

107 The specific categories of unconscionability which equity recognises as
being capable of giving rise to an institutional constructive trust were
helpfully enumerated in Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence
(administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2011] SGHC 184 (at
[53], cited with approval in Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd
[2013] SGHC 249 at [141]):

(a) fraud;

(b) the retention of property acquired as a result of a crime causing death;

(c) a profit in breach of a fiduciary duty;

(d) the retention of property by a vendor after the vendor had entered into a
specifically enforceable contract to sell the property;

(e) the changing of a will by the survivor of two persons who had entered into
a contract to execute wills in a common form;

(f) the acquisition of land expressly subject to the interests of a third
party; and

(g) the assertion of full entitlement to property after a common intention to
share property had been formed (also known as a “common intention constructive
trust”).

108 This list of categories is not of course closed. And each category in this
list is not of course so rigid as to be incapable of development. But there is
a very strong policy imperative, both at common law and in equity, for rights
in property to be stable and for the law to allocate and alter those rights
only in a manner which is transparent, consistent and predictable. Equity
therefore develops each category within this list incrementally, by analogy to
existing cases within the category. Equally, it adds categories to this list
incrementally, by analogy to the existing categories. And this development and
addition is done in the usual way: by accretion of judicial decision. Equity
does not develop or add to these categories in an unprincipled and ad hoc way,
turning on a particular judge’s subjective opinion in a particular case as to
whether [the alleged trustee] has engaged in conduct which is or is not
unconscionable in some general sense of the word.

151 The plaintiffs submit that a constructive trust in respect of LPQ and/or
HXD arose because their knowledge of the investment would make their conduct
unconscionable so as to give rise to a constructive trust. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

PCS at paras 15(3)(a) and 72.

This must be rejected as it is not supported by the evidence.

152 The plaintiffs allege in their closing submissions that a constructive
trust arises for two reasons: 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

PCS at paras 72–73.

(a) First, the Investment Sum was received by HXD pursuant to the fraudulent
misrepresentations of LPG who was the controller or shadow director of HXD.
Therefore, HXD’s receipt of the Investment Sum was unconscionable.

(b) Second, when HXD issued the two cash cheques for the total sum of $340,000
that were not used for the purposes of the 10JS Project, LPG’s knowledge
regarding the specific purpose of receipt is imputed to HXD. Accordingly, it
was unconscionable for HXD to have paid out the Investment Sum to LPG.

153 The plaintiffs appear to rely on the type of unconscionability in category
(a) as set out in Zaiton at [107] (see above at [150]) as the basis for their
argument that a constructive trust has arisen against LPQ and HXD by virtue of
LPG’s fraud on the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs submit that a constructive trust
arose because the Investment Sum had been received by HXD pursuant to the
fraudulent misrepresentations of LPG who was the controller or shadow director
of HXD. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

PCS at para 72.

In the case of a fraud, a transfer of property procured by fraud gives rise to
an institutional constructive trust as against the fraudulent transferee: see
Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996]
AC 669 at 716. However, as I have found (see above at [134]), there was no
fraud. It had been agreed by the plaintiffs and LPG that the money was to be
paid into the DBS bank account of HXD. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

AEIC Ding at paras 32–33

Thus, this category is inapplicable as there is no fraud here. Furthermore,
even if LPG had fraudulently misrepresented to the plaintiffs that he was in
control of HXD in procuring the plaintiffs’ entry into the Agreement, LPQ
and/or HXD cannot in any event be said to have been responsible for LPG’s
misrepresentations (see above at [139] and [140]). At all times, the
representations in relation to the Agreement had been made by LPG and LPG
alone. Neither could it be said that LPQ and/or HXD should be held liable for
LPG’s misrepresentations for having placed LPG in a position where he could
have made such representations (see above at [143]). Therefore, a constructive
trust cannot be imputed on LPQ and HXD. Accordingly, a constructive trust does
not arise in relation to LPQ and/or HXD.

154 I shall now deal with the plaintiffs’ allegation that it was
unconscionable for LPQ and/or HXD to have paid out the Investment Sum to LPG.
282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Ibid.

According to the plaintiffs, this was because LPQ and/or HXD should be imputed
with LPG’s knowledge regarding the specific purpose of his receipt of the
Investment Sum. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Ibid.

This submission must be rejected to the extent that the plaintiffs are
submitting that unconscionability in the general sense had arisen. As stated
in Zaiton at [104], a mere allegation of unconscionability in the general
sense is insufficient to ground a claim in constructive trust (see above at
[149]–[150]). Furthermore, I am unable to conclude that LPG had possessed
knowledge that the Investment Sum would not be used for the purposes of the
10JS Project. In the first place, no evidence has been put before me which
would show, on a balance of probabilities, that the Investment Sum had not
been used for the 10JS Project after it had been returned to HXC’s bank
account. While there were insinuations in the course of trial by counsel for
the plaintiffs that LPG had been “addicted” to gambling right up to sometime
in 2019, 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Certified Transcript 21 September 2023 at p 65 lines 4–9.

any argument that this meant that the Investment Sum deposited into HXC’s bank
account was put to purposes other than for the 10JS Project would be purely
speculative. The plaintiffs have additionally made the point in their
submissions that “there is no documentary record or any evidence that the
[Investment Sum] had been used for the [10JS Project]”. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

PCS at para 65(2).

However, this argument does not advance the plaintiffs’ case in any way when I
consider that it is ultimately the plaintiffs’ burden to show that the money
had been used for purposes other than for the 10JS Project. While the
plaintiffs have gone on to submit that the “the withdrawal of the sum of
S$340,000 from HXD’s bank account within a few days after the [Investment Sum]
had been deposited (on 20 August [2018])” and the “lack of segregation of [the
Investment Sum] [from] other [moneys]” provide “clear evidence” that the money
had not been used solely and exclusively for the 10JS Project, 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

PCS at para 66(3).

I consider these points to be neutral at best.

155 For completeness, I would add that even if an argument had been raised
that the types of unconscionability in category (c) or (g) as set out in
Zaiton at [107] are potentially engaged on the facts (see above at [150]), I
would have found that they are inapplicable.

(a) Category (c) is inapplicable. This category requires a pre-existing
fiduciary relationship between the plaintiffs and LPQ and/or HXD which pre-
dates and is independent of the institutional constructive trust which is now
said to have arisen: Zaiton at [117]. The plaintiffs do not allege that LPQ
and/or HXD owed fiduciary duties to them before 18 August 2018. LPQ and/or HXD
had never dealt with the plaintiffs before 18 August 2018; it had been LPG all
along with whom the plaintiffs had been dealing (see above at [139]).

(b) Category (g) is also inapplicable. This category of institutional
constructive trust requires the following conditions to be satisfied: (i) the
trustee and beneficiary must share a common intention that the beneficial
interest in a property is to be shared; and (ii) the beneficiary relies to his
detriment on this common intention: Zaiton at [119]. The common intention may
be express or inferred: see Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at
[160(b)] and [160(f)]. If these conditions are satisfied, equity will not
permit the trustee to exercise her rights in the property in a manner which is
inconsistent with the trustee’s and the beneficiary’s common intention: Zaiton
at [119]. Again, as I have found (see above at [139]), the plaintiffs had at
the material time, ie, 18 August 2018, not dealt with LPQ and/or HXD. A common
intention did not therefore arise between the plaintiffs and LPQ and/or HXD.
There being no common intention, the issue of detriment also would not arise.

156 Accordingly, no constructive trust arises in relation to LPQ and/or HXD.

Claim in Quistclose trust

157 The plaintiffs claim that a Quistclose trust arises in respect of HXD. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

SOC No. 2 at para 26.

In my view, there is no evidence to indicate that a claim in Quistclose trust
against HXD can be sustained.

158 I shall begin with the relevant legal principles to establish Quistclose
trust. According to Millett LJ (as he then was) in Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley
and others [2002] 2 AC 164 (“Twinsectra”) at [73]–[74], a Quistclose trust
does not arise merely because money is paid for a particular purpose. Rather,
the determinative question is whether the parties intended the money to be at
the free disposal of the recipient:

A Quistclose trust does not necessarily arise merely because money is paid for
a particular purpose. A lender will often inquire into the purpose for which a
loan is sought in order to decide whether he would be justified in making it.
He may be said to lend the money for the purpose in question, but this is not
enough to create a trust; once lent the money is at the free disposal of the
borrower. Similarly payments in advance for goods or services are paid for a
particular purpose, but such payments do not ordinarily create a trust. The
money is intended to be at the free disposal of the supplier and may be used
as part of his cashflow. Commercial life would be impossible if this were not
the case.

The question In every case is whether the parties intended the money to be at
the free disposal of the recipient: In re Goldcorp Exchange Ltd [1995] 1 AC
74, 100 per Lord Mustill. His freedom to dispose of the money is necessarily
excluded by an arrangement that the money shall be used exclusively for the
stated purpose, for as Lord Wilberforce observed in the Quistclose case [1970]
AC 567, 580:

“A necessary consequence from this, by a process simply of interpretation,
must be that if, for any reason, [the purpose could not be carried out,] the
money was to be returned to [the lender]: the word ‘'only’' or ‘'exclusively’'
can have no other meaning or effect.”

159 A Quistclose trust has not arisen in the present case as against HXD. The
case of Toh Eng Tiah v Jiang Angelina [2020] SGHC 65 (“Toh Eng Tiah”) is
instructive. There, Andrew Ang SJ found that a loan agreement which expressly
stated that “[t]he purpose of the [loan] is for the purchase of [9 Hillcrest
Road]” did not prevent the defendant from making free use of the loan (Toh Eng
Tiah at [145]). The decisive factor for Ang SJ was the absence of any
agreement that the sum advanced was not to be at the defendant’s free
disposal. He noted that there was no express term in the loan agreement and no
understanding between parties which restricted the defendant’s right to apply
the sum advanced or which provided that the defendant was not to have free
disposal of the loan (Toh Eng Tiah at [145]). According to Ang SJ, for a
Quistclose trust to arise there must not only be a specified purpose for which
the property was advanced. There must also be a restriction on the recipient’s
disposition of the property (Toh Eng Tiah at [142]–[144]).

160 The present case is similar to that of Toh Eng Tiah. While I am cognisant
of the plaintiffs’ submission that the Agreement expressly states that the
loan to HXC was “for the redevelopment of [the Original 10 JS]”, 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

PCS at paras 78–79.

Toh Eng Tiah is clear that this alone is insufficient to give rise to a
Quistclose trust. In any event, what is crucial here is that this was an
agreement between the plaintiffs and HXC. There is nothing in the Agreement
which provides that HXD is restricted from having free disposition of the sum
advanced. Mdm Ding’s own evidence is that it was LPG who had told the
plaintiffs that the money provided by them would be utilised solely and
exclusively for the 10JS Project. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

AEIC Ding at para 26.

This was not communicated by HXD. The present case is unlike that of
Twinsectra where it was the borrower himself who gave an express undertaking
to use the sum lent “solely for the acquisition of property and for no other
purpose”: see Twinsectra at [75] and [103]. The plaintiffs had not dealt with
either LPQ and/or HXD at all material times. Hence, I am unable to see how
there could have been any agreement between the plaintiffs and HXD that HXD
would utilise any funds received solely and exclusively for the 10JS Project.
On the contrary, HXD was not even aware of the existence of the plaintiffs or
was even expecting the deposit of the sum of $340,000 into its bank account.
290

##### Foot Note 290

×

AEIC LPQ at para 81(c).

At best, it could be said that LPG (or HXC) was holding the money on a
Quistclose trust for the plaintiffs 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

2&4DRS at para 49(b).

given that it was LPG who had told the plaintiffs that the money provided by
them would be utilised solely and exclusively for the 10JS Project. But the
same cannot be said to apply in respect of HXD.

161 While the plaintiffs have sought to argue that LPG’s knowledge that the
Investment Sum was to be used for the exclusive purpose of the 10JS Project
can be imputed to HXD, 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

PCS at para 78.

this argument cannot hold water in light of my finding that LPG was not in
control of HXD (see above at [116]) and that LPQ and HXD were unaware of the
Agreement at the material time.

162 Finally, it is the plaintiffs’ burden to show that the sum of $340,000 was
used other than for the 10JS Project. As stated above (at [154]), there is no
evidence that the sum of $340,000 or part thereof was not used for the 10JS
Project.

163 Accordingly, I find that a claim in Quistclose trust cannot be sustained
against LPQ and HXD.

Claim in dishonest assistance

164 According to the Court of Appeal in George Raymond Zage III and another v
Ho Chi Kwong and another [2010] 2 SLR 589 (“Zage”) at [20], the elements of a
claim in dishonest assistance are:

(a) the existence of a trust;

(b) a breach of that trust;

(c) assistance rendered by the third party towards the breach; and

(d) a finding that the assistance rendered by the third party was dishonest.

165 The plaintiffs’ claim in dishonest assistance is launched against the
defendants on two alternative assumptions: that it was HXD which had committed
a breach of trust, 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

SOC No. 2 at para 29.

or, that it was HXC which had committed a breach of trust. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

SOC No. 2 at para 29.

However, given my findings that any claim in trust (either a constructive or
Quistclose trust) against LPQ and/or HXD fails (see above at [156] and [163]),
any breach of trust could only have arisen in respect of HXC. This is because
HXD is not even a constructive trustee in respect of the Investment Sum.

166 The present case should be more properly analysed under the rubric of
knowing receipt as opposed to dishonest assistance. As the Court of Appeal
appeared to suggest in Zage at [43], a key difference between a claim in
knowing receipt and dishonest assistance is that of the level of the
participation. In knowing receipt, the level of participation involved passive
receipt. In contrast, dishonest assistance involves active assistance. There
is no evidence to show that LPQ and HXD were involved in LPG’s scheme. LPQ’s
and HXD’s involvements were in the form of passive receipt of the sum of
$340,000, rather than active assistance. This is sufficient to dismiss the
plaintiffs’ claim against LPQ and HXD for dishonest assistance.

167 In any event, for completeness, I shall consider the plaintiffs’
submission that LPQ and HXD possessed the requisite dishonesty to ground a
claim in dishonest assistance. In brief, I am of the view that LPQ and HXD
were not dishonest as they were not even involved in the Agreement. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

AEIC LPQ at para 81(c).

There is no evidence to suggest that they had rendered assistance to any
purported breach of trust by HXC and/or LPG.

168 I shall set out the applicable legal threshold for dishonesty. For a
defendant to be liable for dishonest assistance, he must have such knowledge
of the irregular shortcomings of the transaction that ordinary honest people
would consider it to be a breach of standards of honest conduct if he failed
to adequately query them: see Zage at [22], endorsing the test set out in
Barlow Clowes International Ltd (in liquidation) v Eurotrust International Ltd
[2006] 1 All ER 377 at [15].

169 As against LPQ, the plaintiffs submit that LPQ had been dishonest because
he was both a shareholder and the sole director of HXC at the material time,
thus he was or should have been aware of the Investment Sum being deposited
into HXC’s bank account and how it was used. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

PR at para 2(a).

I note that LPQ was indeed the shareholder and director of HXC from 4 August
2017 to 11 October 2019 (see Annex 1), 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

SOAF at para 6.

the period within which the plaintiffs had transferred their Investment Sum
into HXD’s bank account. But there is no evidence that LPQ had been dishonest.
If anything, LPQ could only be said to be imprudent when he had failed to
apprise himself of how the sum of $340,000 deposited into HXC’s bank account
had been used following its deposit from HXD. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Certified Transcript 26 September 2023 at p 36 lines 1–6.

I accept that there was no ground or reason for LPQ, at that time, to be
suspicious of LPG who told him that the sum of $340,000 was mistakenly
deposited into HXD’s bank account. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

AEIC LPQ at paras 40, 42.

LPQ did not expect a sum of $340,000 to be deposited into HXD’s bank account
and he was labouring under the impression that this sum did not belong to HXD
as he was unaware of the Agreement between the plaintiffs and LPG. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

AEIC LPQ at para 42.

Thus, LPQ held the genuine belief that this sum had to be returned to LPG.
This is all the more likely when considered in light of my finding that at no
time did LPQ deal with the plaintiffs directly (see above at [107]).

170 The plaintiffs allege that LPQ could have done more. For instance, the
plaintiffs suggest that LPQ could have “ascertain[ed] whether LPG and/or HXC
was the rightful recipient of the sum of S$340,000”, 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

PCS at paras 10(5) and 91.

inquired further as to why “there was need to issue 2 separate cash cheques of
different sums with different dates”, 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Ibid.

inquire “where and from whom did the money originated”, 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

PCS at para 89.

or “verify with the bank who made the payment of the sum of S$340,000”. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

PCS at para 10(4).

Notwithstanding that these courses of action were not taken by LPQ, I do not
consider that these operated against LPQ to mean that he was dishonest.
According to the authors of Singapore Trusts Law (LexisNexis, 1st Ed, 2021) at
paras 17–19, there is a difference between dishonesty and negligence or
imprudence: see Banque Nationale de Paris v Hew Keong Chan Gary and others
[2000] 3 SLR(R) 686 (“Banque Nationale”) at [142], citing Royal Brunei
Airlines Sdn Bhd v Tan (Phillip Kok Ming) [1995] 2 AC 378 at 389H. In this
regard, the words of Lai Kew Chai J in Banque Nationale at [142] are
instructive on how a court should be wary in applying a hindsight analysis to
ascribing dishonesty on a person, particularly in a case involving someone who
was not motivated by any personal gains:

... It is also in this connection that one must always and punctiliously guard
against the illogical flaw of judging any conduct of such tyros with the
benefit of hind sight. If a person is imprudently optimistic, especially when
he is not motivated by any personal pecuniary gain, directly or indirectly, I
do not think that such imprudence is dishonesty. As Lord Nicholls helpfully
stated in the context of taking risks at 398H:

All investment involves risks. Imprudence is not dishonesty, although
imprudence may be carried recklessly to lengths which call into question the
honesty of the person making the decision. This is especially so if the
transaction serves another purpose in which that person has an interest of his
own.

His Lordship is there pointing obviously to the motive or motivation which
drives or lies behind the acts or omissions of the alleged accessory. If he
stands to gain something, the “touchstone” of dishonesty is probably triggered
as an ingredient constituting the equitable wrong of a dishonest accessory. On
the other hand, if he is driven by ties of kinship, compassion, altruism or an
exaggeratedly credulous or trusting nature or disposition, I do not think that
such traits or shortcomings, however lamentable, amount to dishonesty in the
context of accessory liability.

171 The plaintiffs challenge LPQ’s explanation that he had genuinely believed
the payment to be a mistaken payment because it raises the following
inconsistencies. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

PCS at para 95.

First, LPQ had stated in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) that HXD
had issued two cash cheques for the sums of $150,000 and $190,000 on 24 and 25
August 2018 respectively.” 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

AEIC LPQ at para 43.

However, under cross-examination, LPQ gave contradicting evidence that both
cheques were signed, issued and given to LPG on the same day. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

PCS at para 95(1); Certified Transcript 26 September 2023, p 5 lines 4–15.

Second, contrary to LPQ’s AEIC, the cash cheques were not signed by Mr Yam,
but by another director, Mr Er. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

PCS at para 95(2).

LPQ only corrected his evidence in his AEIC on the day he took the stand. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Certified Transcript 21 September 2023, p 6 lines 3–6.

In my view, these were not material inconsistencies which detracted from the
overall consistency of LPQ’s case that he had believed the deposit of the
Investment Sum into HXD’s bank account to be a mistake. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

AEIC LPQ at para 42.

172 Furthermore, I am not persuaded by the plaintiffs’ submission that just
because LPQ did not raise any queries with LPG regarding how the Investment
Sum came to be mistakenly deposited into HXD’s bank account, this would have
undermined his belief that the deposit into HXD’s bank account was a mistake.
311

##### Foot Note 311

×

PCS at paras 88-90.

LPQ’s failure to raise any queries is instead consistent with his case that he
had believed the deposit to be a mistake and it ought to be returned to LPG.
Having returned the sum to whom LPQ believed was the rightful owner, there was
no reason why LPQ would have continued to probe further as to how this sum
came to be deposited into HXD’s bank account.

173 For completeness, I note that LPQ had been the sole director of HXC at the
relevant time when the Investment Sum was deposited into HXD’s bank account
and subsequently withdrawn and deposited into HXC’s bank account. However, I
do not consider this to lead to the conclusion that LPQ must have been
dishonest by virtue of his sole directorship in HXC. It is LPQ’s evidence that
he was not even aware that he had been made the sole director of HXC between
August 2017 and October 2019. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

AEIC LPQ at para 14.

At all times, the only role that LPQ played in HXC was to help LPG supervise
the workers of HXC. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

AEIC LPQ at para 15.

This is corroborated by Mr Narendran who testified that LPQ was not actively
involved in HXC’s business despite being a director of HXC. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

AEIC Narendran at para 9.

I find Mr Narendran’s evidence to be particularly probative of the true role
played by LPQ in HXC. Mr Narendran reported to LPG, who was the managing
director of HXC. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

AEIC Narendran at para 8.

LPG’s role in HXC was such that he controlled not just its day-to-day
operations, but also its finances. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Ibid.

LPG was the sole bank signatory of HXC’s bank accounts. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Ibid.

Therefore, it was more likely than not that LPQ had indeed been misled by LPG
as to the true nature of the role that LPQ was taking on in HXC. As Mr
Narendran testified, LPQ rarely visited worksites and only did so once a month
for the projects involving HXD (ie, the 10JS Project and the FS Project). 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

AEIC Narendran at para 10.

Mr Narendran had never seen LPQ working on the other projects 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Ibid.

despite Mr Narendran’s close involvement in the various projects of HXC as its
junior quantity surveyor.

174 As against HXD, the plaintiffs submit that the element of dishonesty is
made out by reason of LPG's control over HXD such that LPG’s knowledge that
the plaintiffs had invested $340,000 in the 10JS Project ought to be imputed
to HXD. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

SOC No. 2 at para 12B.

I recognise that the knowledge of the controlling minds of a company can be
imputed to the company: see Aljunied-Hougang Town Council and another v Lim
Swee Sian Sylvia and others and another suit [2019] SGHC 241 at [455].
However, in light of my finding above at [131] that LPG was not in control of
HXD, the plaintiffs’ submission on this basis cannot be sustained.

175 Furthermore, as I have found above, LPQ was not dishonest in the receipt
of the sum of $340,000. As there was no dishonesty to speak of on the part of
LPQ, there is accordingly no dishonesty that can even be imputed to HXD by
virtue of LPQ’s directorship.

Claim in knowing receipt

176 The plaintiffs have pleaded in SOC No. 2 that LPG, LPQ and/or HXD are
liable for knowing receipt of the Investment Sum. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

SOC No. 2 at para 29.

177 The constituents of liability for a claim in knowing receipt have been set
out by the Court of Appeal in Zage at [23]. There are three requirements:

(a) the disposal of the plaintiff’s assets in breach of fiduciary duty;

(b) the beneficial receipt by the defendant of assets which are traceable as
representing the assets of the plaintiff; and

(c) the knowledge on the part of the defendant that the assets received are
traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty, such that it is unconscionable for
him to retain the assets.

178 As against LPG, I am of the view that a claim in knowing receipt does not
pass muster even under the first requirement at [177(a)] above. While the
evidence shows that the Investment Sum had been returned by HXD and that the
Investment Sum had flowed back into HXC’s bank account (see above at
[26]–[27]), this was where the trail ends. There is no evidence to show that
the Investment Sum had been used for purposes other than for the 10JS Project
(see above at [154]). As the plaintiffs bear the burden of proving that there
had been a breach of fiduciary duty by HXC to ground a claim in knowing
receipt which is contingent on the said breach, the plaintiffs have not made
out their claim in knowing receipt against LPG.

179 As against LPQ and HXD, any claim in knowing receipt fails at the third
requirement at [177(c)] above. The critical question under this requirement is
whether LPQ’s and HXD’s knowledge that the assets received are traceable to a
breach of fiduciary duty are such that it would be unconscionable for them to
retain the assets. On this issue, LPQ had no knowledge that the sum of
$340,000 deposited into HXD’s bank account even belonged to the plaintiffs or
that the Agreement existed. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

AEIC LPQ at paras 47(e), 81(c)

In other words, it cannot be said that LPQ and HXD possessed knowledge that
the sum of $340,000 received was traceable to any breach of fiduciary duty.
The Agreement was at all times an arrangement between the plaintiffs and HXC,
with LPG acting as the latter’s representative. I do not see any evidence that
LPG had disclosed to LPQ and the shareholders of HXD the plaintiffs’
Investment Sum. Neither do I see any reason for LPG to have done so since
under the Agreement, the plaintiffs would be adopting a 20% stake in HXC’s
$1.7m investment in the 10JS Project. Again, this arrangement was one that was
strictly between the plaintiffs and HXC. I accept that LPQ and the other
shareholders of HXD had operated under the belief that the money had been
mistakenly deposited into HXD’s bank account. Contrary to the plaintiffs’
submission, 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

PCS at para 10.

there was no reason not to accept LPQ’s explanation of a mistaken deposit. As
LPQ explained, HXD’s bank account would usually hold not more than $10,000 on
a day-to-day basis. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

AEIC LPQ at para 30.

The shareholders of HXD and LPQ would pump in additional funds as and when
required to meet HXD’s expenses. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Ibid.

LPQ’s evidence on the money flows into HXD’s bank account and how the running
balance would usually not exceed $10,000 is consistent with Mr Yam’s evidence
326

##### Foot Note 326

×

AEIC Yam at paras 24 and 30.

and is also supported by the following WhatsApp group chat messages exchanged
amongst the shareholders of HXD and LPQ: 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

2AB246.

[30/12/19 4:48:19pm] Pq: Brothers, the government tax for [the redeveloped
10JS properties] this year is 15,200. I will pay it first, please return me
the money afterwards. Thank you [Folded hands Emoji]

[30/12/19 4:51:05pm] 184. Chieng Khoy: [Thumbs up emoji]

180 The reason for the above arrangement is, according to Mr Yam, because HXD
had no day-to-day operations and was only meant as an investment holding
company of the various projects for the shareholders of HXD. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

AEIC Yam at para 24.

Since HXD had no day-to-day operations and its bank account balance did not
usually exceed more than $10,000, LPQ’s belief that the sum of $340,000 could
not have been intended for HXD was reasonable. This belief is even more
reasonable when I consider that it had been LPG himself who contacted LPQ on
or around 20 August 2018 to inform the latter about the purportedly mistaken
deposit of the sum of $340,000. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

AIEC LPQ at para 40.

It is likely that prior to the call from LPG on or around 20 August 2018,
neither LPQ nor HXD knew anything about the deposit of the sum of $340,000
into HXD’s bank account 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

AEIC LPQ at para 47(a).

or that the sum even belonged to the plaintiffs. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

AEIC LPQ at para 47(e);Certified Transcript 26 September 2023 at p 89 lines
1–8.

In fact, LPQ had not even known of the plaintiffs until the present suit was
commenced. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

AEIC LPQ at para 81(c); Certified Transcript 26 September 2023 at p 89 lines
9–12.

181 The situation here is quite different from what happened in Zage. That
case involved a solicitor-trustee, Rasif, who misappropriated the plaintiff’s
money to purchase jewellery without authority. Rasif absconded from Singapore.
The plaintiff then claimed against Ho and his jewellery company, DeFred (who
were the fourth and fifth defendants respectively in the underlying suit) in
knowing receipt. The Court of Appeal held that the requirement of
unconscionability was satisfied when Ho received the cash cheque and saw that
the cheque was from a client’s account. It was then that Ho knew that the
words “client account” meant that the money did not belong to Rasif but
rather, Rasif’s client. The court considered it material that Ho was a man
with substantial business and international experience and should have known
that the transaction was not legitimate as Rasif had not informed them that he
was purchasing on behalf of his client. Hence, the fact that Ho did not pause
to make further inquiries and chose to cash in the cheque meant that the
requirement of unconscionability was made out. This unconscionability was
attributed to Ho’s company, DeFred, making it unconscionable for DeFred, to
retain the benefits of the cheque.

182 The present case is different in at least two significant aspects. First,
LPQ had no reason to believe otherwise than that the sum of $340,000 was
mistakenly deposited into HXD’s bank account. LPQ’s belief that the deposit
was in fact mistakenly made is corroborated by the contemporaneous messages
sent by LPQ in the WhatsApp group chat involving himself and the shareholders
of HXD where LPQ had updated his fellow investors of the successful withdrawal
of the sum of $340,000 (in the form of two cash cheques of the sums of
$150,000 and $190,000). 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

AEIC Ding at para 34(b); Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 7 dated 12 September
2023 116, 188.

If LPQ had been in cahoots with LPG as part of their concerted scheme to
defraud the plaintiffs, there would have been little reason for LPQ to update
his fellow investors. Second, quite unlike Ho in Zage who possessed
significant business experience, LPQ cannot be said to have the same level of
sophistication.

183 Therefore, LPQ (and HXD) did not possess the requisite knowledge to make
out a claim in knowing receipt simply because LPQ did not ask LPG where the
money came from or what the money was for. What was crucial was that, from the
perspective of LPQ (and also the other shareholders of HXD such as Mr Yam),
the Investment Sum was clearly not meant for HXD. LPQ cannot be faulted for
accepting LPG’s explanation that the money had been mistakenly deposited into
HXD’s bank account.

Claims in unjust enrichment

184 To succeed in a claim in unjust enrichment, a plaintiff must prove that
(see Skandinaviska at [110]):

(a) the defendant has been enriched;

(b) the enrichment was at the plaintiff’s expense;

(c) an unjust factor is present which makes it unjust to allow the defendant
to retain the enrichment; and

(d) the defendant has no defences available to it.

185 I shall consider whether the defendants were unjustly enriched in turn.
Based on SOC No. 2, the plaintiffs pleaded that the defendants have been
“unjustly enriched at the expense of the plaintiffs”. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

SOC No. 2 at para 23.

In the alternative, HXD “had been unjustly enriched at the expense of the
plaintiffs either on the ground of total failure of consideration or on the
ground of fraudulent misrepresentation”. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

SOC No. 2 at para 24.

As default judgment has already been entered against LPG and HXC, I shall
consider only the claim in unjust enrichment against LPQ and HXD.

186 From the plaintiffs’ closing submissions, it appears that they are no
longer pursuing the claim in unjust enrichment. However, for completeness, I
shall address the question of whether a claim in unjust enrichment would have
been made out against LPQ and HXD.

187 On the requirement of an enrichment, any argument that LPQ had been
enriched is a non-starter since the Investment Sum had been deposited into
HXD’s bank account, not LPQ’s personal bank account. As against HXD, however,
it appears that HXD had been enriched when it unknowingly received the sum of
$340,000 in its bank account. Where a defendant receives the plaintiff’s
money, the defendant is enriched: see Tang Hang Wu, Principles of the Law of
Restitution in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 1st Ed, 2019) at para 03.006,
citing BP Exploration Co (Libya) Ltd v Hunt (No. 2) [1979] 1 WLR 783 at 799.

188 The question then is whether the enrichment of HXD had been unjust. The
plaintiffs rely on two grounds in their claim on unjust enrichment against
HXD. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

Ibid.

First, the ground of total failure of consideration. Second, the ground of
fraudulent misrepresentation. I am not satisfied that either ground is made
out against HXD rendering it liable to make restitution of the Investment Sum
to the plaintiffs.

189 On the ground of total failure of consideration, the concept of failure of
basis is summarised in Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson,
Goff & Jones on Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2022) at para
12-01, as follows:

… The core underlying idea of failure of basis is simple: a benefit has been
conferred on the joint understanding that the recipient’s right to retain it
is conditional. If the condition is not fulfilled, the recipient must return
the benefit. …

190 The inquiry as to whether there is a failure of basis proceeds in two
parts: first, what was the basis for the transfer in respect of which
restitution is sought; and second, whether that basis has failed: see Benzline
Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR 239 at
[46].

191 The inquiry as against HXD fails at the first part. There was never any
“joint understanding” between the plaintiffs and HXD as to the basis on which
HXD was to receive the Investment Sum. It is undisputed by the parties that
there had been no communication between the plaintiffs and HXD (whether
through LPQ or otherwise as the authorised representative) before and up to
the time that the plaintiffs had invested in the 10JS Project through the
Agreement. There was no opportunity in which any joint understanding could
have arisen. Neither could it be said that HXD could be held responsible for
any understanding that could have arisen between the plaintiffs and LPG. As I
have found above at [116], LPG was not in control of HXD such that the actions
of LPG do not bind HXD.

192 On the ground of fraudulent misrepresentation pleaded by the plaintiffs, I
understood this to be a reference to the unjust factor of induced mistake. In
light of my finding above at [134] that the plaintiffs’ claim that LPG is
liable for fraudulent misrepresentation is not made out, there is accordingly
no unjust factor arising on this ground.

193 In any event, HXD is not liable to the plaintiffs for unjust enrichment as
HXD can avail itself of the change of position defence. I begin first with the
three elements to a change of position defence as stated in Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd [2002] 1
SLR(R) 418 (“De Beers”) at [35]:

(a) the person enriched had changed his position;

(b) the change was bona fide; and

(c) it would be inequitable to require the person enriched to make restitution
or to make restitution in full.

194 On the first element that the payee has changed his position, the payee
must demonstrate that there is a causal nexus between the payment received and
his change of position in that he would not have changed his position “but
for” the payment received: see Skandinaviska at [140].

195 The second element that the payee must have acted bona fide essentially
bars the defence to a person who has changed his position in bad faith or who
is otherwise a “wrongdoer”: see Seagate Technology Pte Ltd and another v Goh
Han Kim [1994] 3 SLR(R) 836 (“Seagate”) at [31].

196 As for the third element that it would be inequitable to require the payee
to make restitution, the inequity itself must arise from the payee’s change of
position, and in this all the circumstances relating to the change of position
should be taken into consideration: Seagate at [31]. In addition, it would not
be inequitable to require a payee to make restitution if he might have, in any
event, incurred the expenditure in the ordinary course of things: see De Beers
at [36].

197 HXD can avail itself of a change of position defence. LPQ had made
withdrawals in the form of two cash cheques for the sums of $150,000 and
$190,000. This was effectively a disposal of the sum of $340,000 that HXD had
received, and which forms the change in position by HXD. These sums were
credited into HXC’s bank account the same day they were debited from HXD’s DBS
bank account. HXD would not have made the withdrawals of the two cash cheques
and returned them to LPG but for its belief that the deposit of this large sum
had been mistakenly made into HXD’s DBS bank account. On this point, I have
found above at [180] that LPQ held the reasonable belief that the sum of
$340,000 deposited into HXD’s bank account had been mistakenly deposited.
Needless to say, this belief held by LPQ, as a director of HXD, was
attributable to HXD. LPQ had no reason to disbelieve LPG’s assurance that this
was the case. HXD’s change in position whereby it had made the withdrawals was
for this reason, bona fide. Furthermore, it would be inequitable to require
HXD to make restitution of the sum of $340,000, a sum which had already been
returned to LPG (through HXC). It must be borne in mind that, at all times,
the person responsible for the misrepresentation to the plaintiffs was LPG. At
no time did the plaintiffs deal with HXD (or LPQ). The picture which emerges
from the facts is one where HXD had been unwittingly utilised by LPG as an
intermediary funnel through which LPG was to have receipt of the plaintiffs’
money.

Claim in conspiracy to defraud and/or conspiracy to injure by unlawful means

198 The plaintiffs submit that the defendants are liable for conspiracy to
defraud and/or conspiracy to injure by unlawful means. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

SOC No. 2 at paras 30–31.

This conspiracy arises because the defendants had combined together to
fraudulently misrepresent to the plaintiffs with the intention of causing the
plaintiffs to part with the Investment Sum on the pretext of investing in the
10JS Project. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

SOC No. 2 at para 30.

The defendants had thereafter diverted the Investment Sum for their own
purposes other than for the 10JS Project. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Ibid.

There is simply insufficient evidence to form any conclusion as to whether
there was a conspiracy formed amongst the defendants to defraud and/or injure
the plaintiffs by unlawful means. As I have found above at [134], there was no
fraud perpetrated by LPG against the plaintiffs. There can accordingly be no
conspiracy to defraud the plaintiffs.

199 As counsel for LPQ and HXD point out, Mr Peck himself was unsure whether
there was even a conspiracy. When queried whether he was unsure that there was
a conspiracy, Mr Peck accepted that “[u]nless I’m there, so I can’t be”. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 84 lines 20–25, p 85 lines 1 –9.

At best, the plaintiffs can point to the WhatsApp Conversation (see above at
[115(g)]) purportedly showing LPG giving instructions to LPQ on how LPQ and
HXD should behave in response to the claims made against them by Mr Ang in
Suit 8. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

2AB235–237.

Indeed, this was the basis that Mr Peck identified for his belief that there
“might be a conspiracy”. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Certified Transcript 20 September 2023 at p 85 lines 5–9.

According to the WhatsApp Conversation, LPG had only confirmed that
“everything involves [himself and HXC] only and does not involve [LPQ and HXD]
at all” and his position that LPQ and HXD “are not related to this matter”.
343

##### Foot Note 343

×

2AB236.

However, this alone is not proof of any conspiracy to defraud or to injure the
plaintiffs by unlawful means. The WhatsApp Conversation merely shows that LPQ
and HXD had nothing to do with Mr Ang’s and/or the plaintiffs’ claims against
LPG and HXC, according to LPG. In my view, for the reasons set out above, the
lack of involvement on the part of LPQ and HXD is palpable from the evidence
tendered at trial. Furthermore, what LPG said in the WhatsApp Conversation
could be said to be factually correct, ie, LPQ was not involved as regards the
plaintiffs. The WhatsApp Conversation does not even go so far as to provide
confirmatory evidence of LPQ taking instructions from LPG.

Conclusion

200 In summary, I make the following findings:

(a) The nature of the plaintiffs’ claim under the Agreement: On an objective
interpretation of the Agreement and the intention of the parties, the
Agreement is structured as an investment, notwithstanding that the language in
the Agreement suggests that it may be a loan (see above at [73]–[89]). The
plaintiffs and LPG/HXC entered into a written Agreement with oral terms that
the plaintiffs was assured a 20% returns on the Investment Sum (see above at
[90]–[96]).

(b) LPQ and/or HXD are not liable to the plaintiffs for LPG’s alleged
fraudulent misrepresentation: The plaintiffs’ list of alleged representations
had, in fact, been made by LPG. However, the alleged representations by LPG
were not fraudulent misrepresentations and could not amount to actionable
misrepresentations. It was incorrect for LPG to have represented to the
plaintiffs that he was in control of HXD when he was not. LPG is not
ultimately liable for fraudulent misrepresentation because he lacked the
requisite state of mind to defraud. In my view, the evidence shows that LPG
appeared to genuinely believe that he was in control of HXD (see above at
[134]). Accordingly, in the absence of any fraudulent misrepresentation, there
is no issue of LPQ or HXD being held liable for LPG’s alleged fraudulent
misrepresentation. In any event, the representations were made solely by LPG
to the plaintiffs. There is not an iota of evidence to suggest that LPQ and/or
HXD were aware of the Agreement entered into between the plaintiffs and LPG
and/or HXC. Hence, LPQ and HXD cannot be liable even if there had been any
fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of LPG (see above at [135]–[144]).

(c) There is no constructive trust arising against LPQ and/or HXD: While a
transfer of property may give rise to an institutional constructive trust as
against the fraudulent transferee, no constructive trust arises on this basis
in light of my finding that there is no fraud here. In any event, LPQ and/or
HXD are not responsible for LPG’s misrepresentations for a constructive trust
to be imputed on them. Furthermore, the plaintiffs have not shown that it was
unconscionable for LPQ and/or HXD to have returned the Investment Sum to LPG.
There is no evidence that LPG did not use the Investment Sum for the purposes
of the 10JS Project (see above at [154]).

(d) There is no Quistclose trust arising against HXD: The Agreement was
ultimately one between the plaintiffs and HXC, not HXD. There is nothing in
the Agreement stipulating that HXD is restricted from having free disposition
of the sums advanced (see above at [160]).

(e) LPQ and HXD are not liable for dishonest assistance: The present case
ought to be properly analysed as a case of knowing receipt rather than
dishonest assistance. In knowing receipt, the level of participation involves
passive receipt. In contrast, dishonest assistance is concerned with more
active forms of assistance. LPQ’s and HXD’s involvement here were, at best,
only in the form of passive receipt, not active assistance (see above at
[166]). In any event, LPQ and HXD do not possess the requisite dishonesty
because they were not even involved in the Agreement (see above at [167]
–[175]).

(f) LPQ and HXD are not liable for knowing receipt: The claim against LPQ is
unsustainable because the plaintiffs are unable to show that there has been a
disposal of their assets in breach of fiduciary duty. There is no evidence to
show that the Investment Sum had been used for purposes other than for the
10JS Project (see above at [178]). As against LPQ and HXD, they simply did not
know that the assets received are traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty,
making it unconscionable for them to retain the assets (see above at [179]).

(g) LPQ and/or HXD were not unjustly enriched: LPQ cannot be said to have been
enriched because the Investment Sum had been deposited into HXD’s bank
account, not LPQ’s personal bank account. As for HXD, while it was undoubtedly
enriched by the receipt of money into its bank account, albeit for a very
short period of time, this enrichment was not unjust. There was no total
failure of consideration because there was never any “joint understanding”
between the plaintiffs and HXD as to the basis on which HXD was to receive the
Investment Sum (see above at [191]). There was also no fraudulent
misrepresentation which would have rendered the enrichment unjust based on the
factor of induced mistake (see above at [192]). In any event, HXD can avail
itself of the change of position defence because HXD had deposited the money
into HXC’s bank account. This was done bona fide, and it would be inequitable
for HXD to make restitution of the Investment Sum when the person responsible
for the deposit was, at all times, LPG (see above at [197]).

(h) There is no conspiracy to defraud and/or injure the plaintiffs by unlawful
means: The plaintiffs’ submission of a conspiracy amongst the defendants fails
because there is no evidence to support this allegation. Mr Peck himself was
unsure whether there was even a conspiracy. Furthermore, the best piece of
evidence of the plaintiffs was in the form of the WhatsApp Conversation,
purportedly showing LPG giving instructions to LPQ on how LPQ and HXD should
behave in response to the claims made against them by Mr Ang in Suit 8. The
WhatsApp Conversation does not go so far as to confirm the existence of a
conspiracy (see above at [199]).

201 For all the reasons stated above, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims against
LPQ and HXD. I order that costs are to be agreed or taxed.

Tan Siong Thye  
Senior Judge|  
---|---  
  
Foo Maw Shen, Chu Hua Yi and Goh Jia Jie (FC Legal Asia LLC) for the
plaintiffs;

Singh Ranjit and Teo Jun Wei Andre (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the second and
fourth defendants;

The first and third defendants absent and unrepresented.

* * *

Annex 1: Table of the Change in Directorships and Shareholding for HXC and HXD

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Feb 2024 (15:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

