Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2024] SGHC(A) 3

Appellate Division / Originating Application No 54 of 2023

Between

| Pradeepto Kumar Biswas  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Sabyasachi Mukherjee  
---|---  
(2)| Gouri Mukherjee  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Extension of time — Applicable legal principles for
extension of time to file an application for permission to appeal — Prospect
of success]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pradeepto Kumar Biswas

  
v

  

Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another

[2024] SGHC(A) 3

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 54 of 2023  
See Kee Oon JAD and Audrey Lim J  
27 December 2023

31 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 By AD/OA 54/2023 (the “EOT Application”), the Applicant, Mr Pradeepto Kumar
Biswas, seeks an extension of time to file an originating application for
permission to appeal against the decision of Goh Yihan J (the “Judge”) in
HC/SUM 268/2023 (“SUM 268”). While the four factors applicable to an
application for extension of time are well-settled and not in dispute, in our
view, the relevant considerations pertaining to the third factor (ie, the
prospect of success) merit some clarification in the context of an application
for extension of time to file an application for permission to appeal.

Background and the decision in SUM 268

2 We begin by briefly setting out the relevant procedural background.

3 On 1 December 2022, the Assistant Registrar (the “AR”) adjudged the
Applicant a bankrupt in HC/B 2425/2021 (“B 2425”). The AR at the same time
dismissed the Applicant’s other applications:

(a) in SUM 3718/2022 (“SUM 3718”) to stay the proceedings in B 2425 pending
the determination of HC/OA 152/2022 (being the Applicant’s application for
pre-action discovery against other parties); and

(b) in SUM 4306/2022 (“SUM 4306”) to dismiss B 2425 which the Applicant
claimed to be based on a false case HC/S 1270/2014 (“Suit 1270”).

4 In Suit 1270, the Applicant was found liable to the defendants (who are the
Respondents in the EOT Application) on certain claims (the “Suit 1270
Judgment”) and was ordered to pay the Respondents US$3.45m plus interest (the
“Judgment Debt”). As the Applicant did not pay the Judgment Debt, the
Respondents sent several reminders, then issued a statutory demand (the “SD”),
and finally filed B 2425 on 8 October 2021.

5 The Applicant then appealed against the decisions of the AR in SUM 3718, B
2425 and SUM 4306 by way of RA 343/2022, RA 344/2022 and RA 348/2022
(collectively the “Three RAs”).

6 Additionally, the Applicant filed SUM 268 on 1 February 2023, to adduce
fresh evidence contained in his supporting affidavit of the same date (the
“1/2/23 Affidavit”), for the hearings of the Three RAs. The Applicant stated
that the fresh evidence relates to “how the hearing” of the applications
before the AR “proceeded [on 1 December 2022] and how natural justice was
breached” (the “Natural Justice Evidence”), and further contains evidence of
how the Applicant is “a person of means and is not insolvent and why a
bankruptcy order against him should never have been made” (the “Means
Evidence”).

7 On 15 September 2023, the Judge dismissed SUM 268 along with the Three RAs.
In doing so, the Judge stated in his written judgment in Sabyasachi Mukherjee
and another v Pradeepto Kumar Biswas and another matter [2023] SGHC 262 (the
“Judgment”) as follows:

(a) The Natural Justice Evidence was more akin to submissions which the
Applicant was entitled to make but should not have been characterised as
“evidence”. Hence, SUM 268 should not have been made at all on this matter, as
there was no “evidence” to admit (see the Judgment at [32]).

(b) Even if the Applicant was seeking to adduce evidence, he had failed to
satisfy the requirements of the test in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489
(“Ladd v Marshall”). Applying the principles in Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd
v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 (“Anan Group”), the
present case fell within the middle of the spectrum identified in Anan Group
as the Three RAs involved a hearing of the merits but did not bear the
characteristics of a trial. The criteria of non-availability should be applied
strictly in the present case, as the applications before the AR were intended
to finally dispose of the dispute between the parties (see the Judgment at
[33]).

(c) Apart from the Natural Justice Evidence (assuming it constituted
“evidence”), the other parts of the 1/2/23 Affidavit, such as the documents
annexed thereto, had all been available prior to 1 December 2022, and the
Applicant had not explained why he could not have obtained them with
reasonable diligence for use at the hearing before the AR. Hence, these
documents failed the non-availability requirement in Ladd v Marshall (see the
Judgment at [34]).

(d) In any event, having perused the AR’s minute sheets in relation to the
applications, natural justice was not breached at the hearing on 1 December
2022. Hence, the Natural Justice Evidence failed the second requirement in
Ladd v Marshall as it was irrelevant and would not have had an important
influence on the result of the Three RAs (see the Judgment at [35]).

(e) The Means Evidence was not relevant. If the Applicant had the means to
satisfy the SD, it was inexplicable why he had not done so since it was issued
in July 2019, or even paid the Judgment Debt when it first arose in December
2018 to prevent the issuance of the SD. Second, the basis of B 2425 was that
the Applicant failed (either because he had no means or because he had
intentionally refused) to satisfy the SD; in either scenario the basis of the
bankruptcy order (made on the Applicant’s failure to satisfy the SD) was met
(see the Judgment at [36]).

(f) Even if the Means Evidence was relevant, the Applicant had no means to
satisfy the SD. Although he had asked the AR for six weeks to satisfy the SD
on 1 December 2022, more than six months had since passed. If he had the
means, the Applicant could have easily raised funds in this period to do so,
but he did not. Thus, the Means Evidence also failed the second requirement in
Ladd v Marshall (see the Judgment at [36]).

(g) Further, the Means Evidence provided in the 1/2/23 Affidavit was not
supported by adequate documentary evidence, and thus failed to satisfy the
third requirement in Ladd v Marshall as it was not apparently credible (see
the Judgment at [37]–[38]).

8 The Judge also dismissed the Three RAs.

9 On 9 October 2023, the Judge dealt with costs of the matters and awarded
costs on an indemnity basis to the Respondents.

Applicant’s attempt to file an application for permission to appeal against
SUM 268

10 On 23 October 2023 (which was the last date for an application for
permission to appeal to be filed against the Judge’s decision in SUM 268), the
Applicant’s lawyers (“A/C”) attempted to file an application for permission to
appeal (the “PTA Application”).

11 On 24 October 2023, A/C was informed that the filing was rejected for non-
compliance with the requirements in the Supreme Court Practice Directions,
because, among other things, the cover page on the submissions was not filed
and the written submissions failed to include submissions on costs. The
Applicant and A/C acknowledged that A/C had inadvertently omitted to include
the cover page on the submissions at the time of filing. The Applicant,
however, asserted that the draft written submissions did contain submissions
on costs and that it was the Service Bureau which had “inadvertently missed
out a page which contained the submissions on costs” when the Service Bureau
did the filing on 23 October 2023.

12 On 25 October 2023, A/C attempted to re-file the PTA Application. On the
same day, A/C was informed that the re-filing was rejected as it was filed out
of time, and that security for costs should have been provided for each set of
opposing party represented by a different set of lawyers. Based on the cover
page, there were three respondents in the PTA Application, namely the
Respondents of the EOT Application (represented by one set of lawyers) and the
Official Assignee (the “OA”). In the affidavit supporting the EOT Application,
the Applicant explained that the OA was not actually made a respondent to the
PTA Application, but his name appeared on the cover page of the PTA
Application because he was a named party in B 2425. Hence there was no reason
to provide security for costs for the OA.

13 Thus, on 27 October 2023, A/C re-filed the PTA Application again, this time
without naming the OA as a party/respondent to that application. However, on
30 October 2023, A/C was again informed that the filing had been rejected
because it was out of time.

14 The Applicant thus filed the EOT Application on 31 October 2023.

The parties’ respective arguments in the Application

15 It is not disputed that the PTA Application was not filed in time.

16 The Applicant submits that the delay was de minimis and was due to human
error. The Applicant further asserts that it was the Service Bureau’s error in
omitting the costs submissions from the written submissions filed and that
security for costs did not have to be provided for the OA who was not a party
to SUM 268 (see [11]–[12] above). The Applicant submits that, moreover, the
intended PTA Application is not hopeless and has good prospects of succeeding.
Finally, the Applicant submits that there would be no prejudice to the
Respondents if the extension of time is granted.

17 The Respondents submit that the EOT Application should be dismissed. Whilst
the delay was not inordinately long and the Applicant had explained that it
was caused by errors on the part of A/C and the Service Bureau in filing the
intended PTA Application, such circumstances are, without more, insufficient
to grant an extension of time. The Respondents further submit that the
intended PTA Application is a hopeless one as the alleged errors identified by
the Applicant pertaining to the Judge’s decision in SUM 268 are not errors of
law and there is no question of public importance. The Applicant was
essentially raising the same issue which had been raised and ventilated in
past proceedings. Lastly, it has been almost five years since the Suit 1270
Judgment and the Applicant has not paid the outstanding costs orders made
against him amounting to some $129,299.60. Yet, he seeks to put the
Respondents to further costs of defending the EOT Application.

Our decision

18 Having considered the matter, we dismiss the EOT Application.

19 In arriving at our decision, we take into account the four well-settled
factors (which the Applicant and Respondents do not dispute), namely: (a) the
length of delay; (b) the reasons for the delay; (c) the applicant’s chances of
success; and (d) any prejudice that the respondent would suffer if the
extension of time is granted (see Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party
and others and another suit [2008] 1 SLR(R) 757 (“Lee Hsien Loong”) at [18],
citing Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [45]). We
examine each one in turn.

Length of delay

20 In relation to the length of delay, we do not agree with the Applicant that
it was de minimis. That said, the Respondents accept (and we agree) that the
delay was not inordinately long. The EOT Application was filed eight days
after the expiry of the timeline to file the PTA Application by 23 October
2023.

Reasons for delay

21 As for the reasons for delay, errors were made by A/C’s firm which led to
the Service Bureau rightly rejecting the filing (and re-filing) of the PTA
Application, and which thus led to the current state of affairs. In
particular, the Applicant admits that A/C had inadvertently omitted to include
the cover page on the submissions which he had attempted to file on 23 October
2023. Hence, even if the Applicant claims that the Service Bureau erred in
rejecting the filing of the PTA Application for other reasons such as having
omitted to file the page which contained submissions on costs, the first
attempt to file the application would nevertheless have been rejected due to
the Applicant’s non-compliance with the requirement to file a cover page.

22 As for the Applicant’s subsequent attempt to re-file the PTA Application on
25 October 2023, it cannot be said that his application was wrongly rejected
for failing to provide security for costs for the OA given that the Applicant
had named the OA as a party in the PTA Application. In this regard, when the
PTA Application was again rejected on 25 October 2023 (see [12] above), the
court also informed the Applicant that the re-filing of the PTA Application
was already out of time, and hence rejected it also on that basis. It should
have been abundantly clear by then to the Applicant that the proper course
would have been to promptly file an application for extension of time to file
the intended PTA Application, instead of re-filing the PTA Application again
on 27 October 2023.

23 That said, procedural mistakes, even if bona fide, are insufficient in
themselves to justify the grant of an extension of time for leave to appeal
(Pearson Judith Rosemary v Chen Chien Wen Edwin [1991] 2 SLR(R) 260 at [20]).
A mere assertion of an oversight is insufficient and can lead to an abuse of
process (Lee Hsien Loong at [22]); and there must be some extenuating
circumstances or explanation offered to mitigate or excuse the oversight
(Newspaper Seng Logistics Pte Ltd v Chiap Seng Productions Pte Ltd [2023]
SGHC(A) 5 at [8]). We are cognisant that A/C had attempted to file the PTA
Application by the stated timeline, and when his subsequent attempts to re-
file (made rather quickly thereafter) were rejected on two occasions because
the timeline had by then been breached, A/C had filed the EOT Application the
next day. Hence, this factor, in itself, does not weigh against the Applicant,
but it also does not assist him.

Prospect of success

24 We turn to the third factor (ie, the prospect of success) in relation to an
application for extension of time to file an application for permission to
appeal. In our view, the relevant considerations pertaining to this factor
require some clarification.

25 The Court of Appeal in Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co
Pte Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 510 (“Hong Huat”) at [39] held that the prospect of
success relates to the success of the appeal or whether the intended appeal
itself is hopeless, and not just the success of obtaining an extension of time
to file an application for leave; this is because the object of the extension
of time is not to obtain leave per se but to appeal. Hong Huat concerned a
case for an application for extension of time to apply for leave to appeal
against an award under s 28 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (the
“AA 1985”).

26 However, in Tay Eng Chuan v United Overseas Insurance Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R)
1043 at [41], Judith Prakash J (as she then was) re-phrased the test (also in
the context of arbitration proceedings) as one of whether the application for
leave to appeal could be said to be hopeless, and not whether the appeal
itself would be hopeless. This was followed in Ng Tze Chew Diana v Aikco
Construction Pte Ltd [2020] 3 SLR 1196 (“Diana Ng”), whereby Ang Cheng Hock J
held (at [56]) that the grant of leave to appeal was a necessary precursor to
the applicant’s appeal succeeding; and it was fruitless to consider whether
the substantive appeal would be hopeless without first considering whether the
application for leave to appeal was hopeless. As the court observed in Diana
Ng (at [57]) and with which we agree, the Court of Appeal in Hong Huat had in
fact considered the requirements relevant to obtaining leave to appeal.
Section 28(4) of the AA 1985, which was under consideration in Hong Huat,
required first that a question of law was raised, and second that the
determination of the question of law concerned could substantially affect the
rights of the parties to the arbitration, before leave of court could be
granted to appeal against an award. The court had thus considered both these
requirements (at [39]–[52]) before granting the extension of time for leave to
appeal (and also proceeded to grant leave to appeal).

27 It must be remembered that the four factors (stated at [19] above)
originated from a line of cases dealing with the question of extension of time
to file an appeal, and not an extension of time to file an application for
leave (or permission) to appeal (see Lee Hsien Loong and the cases cited by
the Court of Appeal therein at [18]–[20]). Hence, in determining whether to
grant an extension of time to file an appeal, the court must consider the
prospect of success of the appeal (or whether the appeal is hopeless). In our
view, the correct approach in an application for extension of time to file an
application for permission to appeal is to first consider whether the
application for permission to appeal could be said to be hopeless, before
considering whether the substantive appeal will be hopeless. If the court
finds that an applicant is unlikely to succeed in obtaining permission to
appeal, then granting an extension of time to file an application for
permission to appeal would be futile and a waste of resources for all
concerned (see Lee Hsien Loong at [20]).

28 The above approach seems to have been adopted by the Appellate Division of
the High Court in Leow Peng Yam v Kang Jia Dian Aryall [2022] 2 SLR 725. In
that case, the appellant learnt at the hearing of the appeal that permission
to appeal was required and made an oral application for an extension of time
to seek such permission. In light of this background, the appellant did not
rely on the usual three grounds for permission to appeal as set out in Lee
Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“LKY v TLH”) at
[16], but instead strove to show that there was merit in the appeal.
Nonetheless, in determining whether to grant the extension of time, the court
considered the grounds for leave to appeal as set out in LKY v TLH, before
concluding that there was also no merit in the appeal (at [31]–[38] and [58]).

29 In fact, in the present case, the parties have submitted their respective
positions on the basis of the prospect of success of the PTA Application and
considered the grounds for permission to appeal as set out in LKY v TLH.

30 The Applicant submits that his PTA Application has good prospects of
succeeding as there were prima facie errors made by the Judge. In particular,
the Judge:

(a) dismissed the application on the erroneous ground that the 1/2/23
Affidavit did not contain evidence but submissions;

(b) was wrong in deciding that the 1/2/23 Affidavit should be disregarded
entirely as some documents in the affidavit had been adduced in other hearings
before and were not fresh evidence which could not have been produced for the
hearing before the AR on 1 December 2022; and

(c) was wrong to conclude that the Applicant’s evidence that he was a person
of means was irrelevant, or that the Applicant was not a person of means.

31 The Applicant further submits that there is a question of public importance
upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to
the public advantage, ie, whether a court can disregard prima facie evidence
that the judgment creditors have not been truthful about the access and
control of assets in the course of bankruptcy proceedings, and if the court
decides this question in the Applicant’s favour, the Applicant would succeed
on appeal.

32 The Respondents submit that any intended PTA Application is a hopeless one,
for the following reasons:

(a) First, the alleged errors claimed by the Applicant are not errors of law.
The decision in SUM 268 was based on an application of the principles in Ladd
v Marshall. The Applicant does not contend that the correct legal principles
were applied.

(b) Second, the so-called question of public importance is essentially the
same issue the Applicant had raised in past proceedings and ventilated at all
levels of the Singapore Courts, ie, that the Respondents had allegedly had the
benefit of the investments which the Applicant had been held liable for in the
initial decision in Suit 1270 and that the Judgment Debt was thus invalid.
Seen in this context, there is no question of public importance upon which
further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public
advantage.

33 In this regard, we find that the third factor weighs against the Applicant,
and that the intended PTA Application is without merit, rising to the
threshold of being “hopeless” (Lee Hsien Loong at [20]).

34 The Applicant has not specified what the prima facie error of law made by
the Judge is. The Applicant submits that it is not the principles in Ladd v
Marshall but those in Anan Group that should apply. In this regard, we find
that the Judge had correctly identified the law in relation to the adducing of
fresh evidence.

35 In our view, the Judge had correctly considered the principles in Anan
Group which enunciated how the test in Ladd v Marshall should apply depending
on the nature of the proceedings (in this case, the three applications before
the AR being B 2425, SUM 3718 and SUM 4306). In particular, we are satisfied
that the Judge had correctly identified that the proceedings fell in the
middle of the spectrum identified in Anan Group, as the three applications
involved a hearing of the merits which did not bear the characteristics of a
trial, but nonetheless that the criterion of non-availability should apply
because the applications were intended to finally dispose of the dispute
between the parties (see the Judgment at [29] and [33]). In particular, B 2425
was the Respondents’ application to make the Applicant a bankrupt, with the
Applicant’s corresponding application in SUM 4306 to dismiss B 2425.

36 Further, the general principle is that the prima facie error must be one of
law and not of fact, although it may be that in exceptional circumstances,
leave to appeal may be granted if there is an error of fact which is obvious
from the record (Engine Holdings Asia Pte Ltd v JTrust Asia Pte Ltd [2022] 1
SLR 370 at [10]). In this regard, such errors must be “clear beyond reasonable
argument … [T]he court should not have to delve into the facts in detail”
(Rodeo Power Pte Ltd and others v Tong Seak Kan and another [2022] SGHC(A) 16
at [10], citing Essar Steel Ltd v Bayerische Landesbank and others [2004] 3
SLR(R) 25 at [26] and Bellingham, Alex v Reed, Michael [2021] SGHC 125 at
[100]). In the present case, we do not find any obvious error of fact from our
perusal of the record.

37 We see no reason to disagree with the Judge’s conclusion that the Natural
Justice Evidence which the Applicant intended to adduce was more akin to
submissions. Nevertheless, the Judge went further and determined that the
Applicant had not satisfied the requirements for adducing that evidence. The
Judge also did not err in finding that the documents exhibited in the 1/2/23
Affidavit were available prior to 1 December 2022 and that the Applicant did
not explain why those documents could not have been obtained with reasonable
diligence for use at the hearing before the AR. Indeed, a substantial number
of those documents formed part of the court record of proceedings and included
documents which had been prepared by the Applicant himself or which he was in
possession of prior to 1 December 2022.

38 In the above regard, the Applicant contends that the Judge should at least
have allowed the parts of the 1/2/23 Affidavit which clearly set out what had
transpired at the hearing before the AR, which evidence would only have been
available during that hearing. We do not see how the Judge had erred in this
regard. The Judge had perused the AR’s minute sheets of the three applications
in determining that natural justice had not been breached. The Judge also
found that the Applicant had ample opportunity to present his case before the
AR and the courts, given the multiple applications he had filed since the Suit
1270 Judgment was granted on 11 December 2018 (see the Judgment at [35]).

39 In the round, we find no obvious errors in the Judge’s determination that
the Natural Justice Evidence presented in the 1/2/23 Affidavit would not have
had an important influence on the result of the appeals in the Three RAs.

40 We next deal with the Applicant’s argument that the Judge erred in
concluding that the Means Evidence was irrelevant and in failing to take into
account that the making of the bankruptcy order prevented the Applicant from
accessing his assets. Again, we find no obvious errors of fact made by the
Judge, whose determination was supported by the reasons set out at [7(e)] to
[7(g)] above. Particularly, the Judge had expressly considered the Applicant’s
argument about not being able to access his assets and stated that “the fact
remains that the [Applicant] has had ample opportunity to pay up even before
the bankruptcy order was made but chose not to do so” (see the Judgment at
[36]). Hence, we see no reason to disagree with the Judge that the Means
Evidence would not have had an important influence on the result of the
appeals before him and in any event, was also not credible; thus failing to
satisfy the second and third requirements in Ladd v Marshall for such evidence
to be admissible.

41 As for the Applicant’s claim that there is a question of public importance,
we agree with the Respondents that the Applicant is merely raising issues
already raised in past proceedings before the courts. As can be seen from the
intended PTA Application, the Applicant has sought (under this claim of a
question of public importance) essentially to challenge the decision of the
trial judge in Suit 1270, and to claim that the Suit 1270 Judgment was
obtained by the judgment creditors (the Respondents) through perjured
evidence, thereby claiming that the SD (which led to the Applicant’s
bankruptcy) is “false”. The Applicant is not entitled to go by the back door
and attempt to re-litigate this matter. He had previously attempted to do so
(in Pradeepto Kumar Biswas v Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another and another
matter [2022] 2 SLR 340 (“Pradeepto (2022)”) and after the avenue for appeal
(for Suit 1270) had been exhausted.

42 In sum, the Applicant’s intended PTA Application (and, we add, the intended
appeal) is hopeless.

Prejudice

43 Turning to the fourth factor in Lee Hsien Loong, we are of the view that
the Respondents would be prejudiced if the extension of time is granted.

44 We agree with the Respondents that it has been some five years since the
Suit 1270 Judgment, from which the Judgment Debt arose. In the meantime, and
after the Suit 1270 Judgment, the Applicant commenced various proceedings
essentially to challenge the Suit 1270 Judgment (including applying for a re-
trial of Suit 1270) and to set aside the SD. All these proceedings have been
set out comprehensively by the Judge in the Judgment.

45 The evidence also indicates on balance that the prejudice to the
Respondents might not be compensated or sufficiently compensated with costs.
The Respondents have pointed out numerous costs orders which were made against
the Applicant since September 2021 and which the Applicant has failed to pay,
amounting to over $129,000. The Applicant has not disputed this. We agree with
the Respondents that, given the Applicant’s prior conduct, there is little
assurance that the Applicant would pay any cost orders made against him if the
Respondents were successful in defending the EOT Application. The Applicant’s
conduct is further aggravating because he claims to be a person of means – if
so, there was no reason why he would withhold the payment of costs which the
Respondents are entitled to pursuant to numerous court orders.

46 Indeed, we note the Judge’s observations – that the courts have repeatedly
found that the Applicant’s applications were intended to vex the Respondents
and constitute a clear abuse of process; and that they were baseless and
spurious attempts to delay the enforcement of the Suit 1270 Judgment and the
ensuing bankruptcy order in B 2425. The Judge also observed that the Applicant
had failed to show respect for the court and its decision, having labelled the
AR’s decision as a “sham judgment and order” and the court as “corrupt” (see
the Judgment at [50]–[51]). We note that the Applicant has, in his submissions
before us, denied that he had accused the courts of being “corrupt”, despite
the transcripts of the notes of evidence (as recorded by the AR at the hearing
on 1 December 2022) showing otherwise.

Conclusion

47 For the above reasons, we dismiss the EOT Application with costs to the
Respondents.

48 The Respondents seek costs on an indemnity basis. They argue that this is
another case of the Applicant abusing the process of the court and oppressing
the Respondents.

49 An order for indemnity costs is appropriate only in exceptional
circumstances (BIT Baltic Investment & Trading Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation) v Wee See Boon [2023] 1 SLR 1648 at [83], citing CCM Industrial
Pte Ltd v Uniquetech Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 20 at [32]). In deciding whether
to order indemnity costs, the court will have regard to all the circumstances
of the case, with the touchstone being that of unreasonable conduct, as
opposed to conduct that attracts moral condemnation (Lim Oon Kuin and others v
Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (interim judicial managers appointed) [2022] 1 SLR 434
at [36]). From our observations of the Applicant’s conduct, we find it
appropriate to award costs against him on an indemnity basis. The Applicant
has failed to satisfy numerous outstanding costs orders and seeks to put the
Respondents to further costs of defending the EOT Application with little
assurance that he will make good any costs ordered against him. He has also
been found on more than one occasion to have abused the court process (ie, by
the Judge in SUM 268, and by the Court of Appeal in Pradeepto (2022) at [95]).
We repeat our observations at [45]–[46] above.

50 As such we award costs on an indemnity basis fixed at $12,000 inclusive of
disbursements. This takes into account that the assessment of whether the EOT
Application should be granted necessitated an assessment of the merits of the
intended PTA Application as well. The usual consequential orders apply.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the applicant;

See Chern Yang and Joshua Quek Wen Chieh (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first and
second respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Feb 2024 (14:26 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

