Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 7

Suit No 222 of 2022

Between

| Keppel DC Singapore 1 Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| DXC Technology Services Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Contract — Contractual terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Keppel DC Singapore 1 Ltd

  
v

  

DXC Technology Services Singapore Pte Ltd

[2024] SGHC 7

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 222 of 2022  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
22 December 2023

12 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 The issue before me is simple – does the written agreement between the
parties allow the defendant to unilaterally amend the scope of the services
the plaintiff had agreed to provide?

Facts

2 The plaintiff (“Keppel”) operates a six-storey data centre facility (the
“Facility”) in Serangoon North Industrial Estate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Matthew William Benic (12 May 2023) (“Benic-1”) at para 10.

On 30 November 2010, Keppel entered into a Standard Services Agreement (the
“SSA”) with the defendant (“DXC”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Anson Tung (12 May 2023) (“Tung-1”) at pp 36–55.

which contained the terms and conditions under which Keppel was to provide
data centre space (the “Data Centre”) in the Facility (and associated
services) to DXC for a period of five years with an option for renewal. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Alexandra Theydon (12 May 2023) (“Theydon-1”) at paras 12–13.

The Statement of Work (“SOW”) at Exhibit A of the SSA stated that the total
space to be provided to DXC was 20,300 sq ft, comprising four modules (the
“Modules”) – Modules A to D – with each occupying approximately 5,000 sq ft of
space. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tung-1 at para 11, p 59.

DXC was to pay Keppel a Monthly Recurring Charge (the “MRC”) and electricity
charges. These charges were set out in the “Contract Pricing” document (the
“Contract Pricing”) at Exhibit B of the SSA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Theydon-1 at para 16, Tung-1 at pp 72–75.

3 The SSA provided that Keppel was not to commence the provision of services
to DXC until it received a Purchase Order (“PO”) from DXC. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Tung-1 at p 37.

Following the execution of the SSA, DXC issued the first PO on 8 March 2011. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Theydon-1 at para 37.

The SSA was subsequently renewed twice – first for five years commencing 1
March 2017 and then for five years from March 2020 to 31 March 2025. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Tung-1 at pp 98, 106.

DXC continued to issue yearly POs in relation to its use of all four Modules
until May 2021, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Theydon-1 at para 39.

, although not all of them were issued immediately after the end of the
preceding year of service. These POs would include the MRC for the Modules and
an approximation of electricity charges for that year. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Tung-1 at para 24(a).

4 In 2020 and 2021, DXC carried out a review of its requirements pertaining to
the Data Centre. It concluded that the Data Centre had significant space
capacity and it was unlikely that DXC would secure new customers to take up
this spare capacity. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Theydon-1 at para 41.

DXC therefore made the decision to give up the use of Modules C and D. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Theydon-1 at para 42.

5 On 13 May 2021, DXC issued a PO (the “2021 PO”) for the use of only Modules
A and B for the period between 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Tung-1 at para 34; Theydon-1 at para 43, pp 125–130.

On 17 May 2021, DXC issued a Change Order (“CO”) (the “2021 CO”) reflecting
its intention to return Modules C and D to Keppel. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Tung-1 at para 38; Theydon-1 at para 44, pp 131–132.

Following the issuance of the 2021 PO, parties engaged in a series of
correspondence in which they disputed the legality of the 2021 PO. Keppel’s
position was that the 2021 PO was in breach of the SSA, which (in Keppel’s
view) obliged DXC to pay for the use of all four Modules. DXC responded that
there was no such requirement under the SSA. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Tung-1 at paras 37–48; Theydon-1 at paras 46–56.

Keppel continued to issue invoices to DXC which included the MRC and
electricity charges for Modules C and D. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Tung-1 at para 45.

DXC maintained that the invoices were defective and only paid the amounts
relating to Modules A and B. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tung-1 at paras 46–47; Theydon-1 at paras 49–50.

6 DXC issued similar POs on 8 March 2022 and 7 April 2023 for the use of only
Modules A and B for the respective annual periods. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Tung-1 at paras 50, 53.

To date, DXC has only paid the invoiced amounts relating to Modules A and B
from 1 April 2021, and has not paid any amounts relating to Modules C and D.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Tung-1 at para 57.

7 Keppel claims the sum of $3,021,316.20 as the sum outstanding from April
2021 to December 2021. Further and/or in the alternative, Keppel claims
damages to be assessed for all losses it suffered from 1 April 2021 to 31
March 2025 as a result of DXC’s breach, subject to the issue of mitigation. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 24; Plaintiff’s Written
Submissions (“PWS”) at para 62; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 32.

Summary determination

8 Much of the dispute centred on the interpretation of the SSA – primarily,
whether DXC was permitted under the SSA to unilaterally revise the services
provided by Keppel, such that DXC could “return” Modules C and D to Keppel and
only use and make payment for the use of Modules A and B for its Data Centre.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 6; PWS at para 2.

9 The action is currently set down for trial for 12 days in February 2024. At
a case conference before me on 6 November 2023, I directed parties to state
whether I needed to hear any evidence for the purpose of interpreting the SSA,
and whether that issue could be decided summarily pursuant to O 14 r 12(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”). Keppel agreed to the
summary disposal, but DXC did not. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Letter to court from TSMP Law Corporation (14 Nov 2023); Letter to court from
Bird & Bird ATMD LLP (14 Nov 2023).

10 I therefore ordered parties to file written submissions on the issue of the
proper interpretation of the SSA, granting leave to include arguments why this
issue cannot or should not be determined ahead of trial. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Correspondence from courts (16 Nov 2023).

However, neither party offered such arguments in their written submissions.

11 Under O 14 r 12(1) of the ROC 2014, the court may determine any question of
law or construction of any document where it appears to the court that such
question is suitable for determination without a full trial of the action, and
such determination will fully determine (subject to any possible appeal) the
entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein. Summary determination is
suitable for points of law which do not require any evidence or may be
determined on the basis of agreed or undisputed facts; factual disputes are
not suitable for summary determination: The “Chem Orchid” and other appeals
and another matter [2016] 2 SLR 50 at [60]. In deciding whether the discretion
under O 14 r 12(1) should be exercised, the overriding consideration is
whether summary determination on the facts of the case would fulfil the
underlying purpose of O 14 r 12, which is to save time and costs for the
parties: Manas Kumar Ghosh v MSI Ship Management Pte Ltd and others [2021] 4
SLR 935 at [18].

12 I exercised the court’s power under O 14 r 12(1) of the ROC 2014 to make a
summary determination. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Correspondence from courts (16 Nov 2023).

The interpretation of the SSA was an issue suitable for summary determination.
The issue did not involve any material factual dispute and no evidence was
needed to be heard to resolve it. None of the witnesses called by the parties
were involved in the negotiations leading to the formation or execution of the
SSA in 2010. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DWS at para 6.

Further, the parties relied primarily on the text of the SSA in interpreting
it and it is not their respective pleaded cases that the text bore a meaning
different from that of its plain language. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS at para 17.

I also considered that summary determination of the issue would save time and
costs for the parties – if the issue were to be determined in DXC’s favour,
there would be no breach of the SSA and therefore no need for a trial; on the
other hand, if the issue were to be determined in Keppel’s favour, the sole
issue at trial would be that of Keppel’s (alleged) failure to mitigate its
damages.

Applicable law

13 The relevant principles of contractual interpretation are set out in Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at [131]:

(a) the aim of contractual interpretation is to ascertain the meaning which
the contractual language would convey to a reasonable business person;

(b) the interpretive exercise is one based on the whole contract. Excessive
focus should not be placed on a particular word, sentence, or clause;

(c) the court may consider the relevant context of a contract, which includes
the legal, regulatory and factual matrix which constitutes the background in
which it was drafted;

(d) a construction which leads to unreasonable results is to be avoided; and

(e) a more specific or detailed provision should override an inconsistent
general provision.

Nature of the SSA

14 It is undisputed that the SSA was a standard form agreement that DXC used
in its dealings with various counterparties when seeking the provision of
services. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Theydon-1 at para 11; Tung-1 at para 7.

Thus, it appears that while the SOW and the Contract Pricing were specifically
negotiated by parties, the body of the SSA was not. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Tung-1 at para 13.

15 Although the SSA is framed as a contract for services, it is in substance a
fixed‑term contract for a custom-fitted space with services and utilities.
This is evidenced by several clauses of the SSA and its exhibits.

16 First, cl 1.3 of the SSA provides that the SSA “will have a term of five
(5) years”, and “parties may agree in writing to renew [the SSA] for
successive five (5) year terms”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Tung-1 at p 37.

Similarly, the “Work Summary” at cl 1.2 of the SOW states that Keppel will
provide the Data Centre space “according to the agreed specifications for a
fixed price … for a period of 5 years (Initial Term) with an option to extend
for a further 5 years”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tung-1 at p 58.

Clause 3.1 of the SOW (titled “Supplier Provided Services”) specifies the
total area of the Data Centre (20,300 sq ft initially, later enlarged by
consent to 20,500 sq ft) 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Tung-1 at para 15.

and the technical specifications which Keppel was to design the Data Centre in
accordance with (including circuitry, cooling and lighting requirements). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Tung-1 at pp 59–61.

17 The Data Centre space was to be provided in four modules – ie, Modules A to
D – of 5000 sq ft each (the final one being 5300 sq ft), to be fitted out by
Keppel over a period of 11 months (+/- three months at DXC’s discretion). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Tung-1 at p 59.

In addition, Keppel was to provide, at no additional cost, “Media Management
Office space and Media Storage space totaling [sic] 538 sq ft” (the “Media
Space”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Tung-1 at p 61.

18 Second, the Contract Pricing sets out the MRC on a year-on-year basis
across the five-year term of the SSA. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Tung-1 at p 72.

The MRC is not based on the individual modules, but on a monthly subscription
based on each square foot used or occupied of the Data Centre. The MRC
excludes the costs of the power consumed by DXC. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Tung-1 at p 74.

19 Third, cl 14 of the Contract Pricing provides, similar to cl 5.6 of the
SSA, that in the event of suspension or termination of the SSA prior to the
end of the term (other than for a material breach by Keppel), DXC must pay
Keppel a sum – called a “Minimum Charge” – equivalent to 100% of the total
charges which would have been payable to Keppel for the remainder of the
initial five‑year term, and, if the SSA was renewed, 50% of the total charges
which would have been payable for the remainder of the renewed term. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tung-1 at pp 41, 74.

20 Thus, the clear implication from these provisions is that the SSA was meant
to be a renewable fixed‑term contract for a period of five years, under which
Keppel was obligated to provide a fixed amount of space and specified
services. In exchange, Keppel was to be paid the MRC and accompanying charges
for the entire fixed space for the initial five-year term and second five‑year
term (if renewed), and in the event of premature termination, was guaranteed
payment of the Minimum Charge, which was based on the MRC and accompanying
charges for the entire fixed space.

21 The provisions make it clear that DXC was contracting for use of the entire
space in the Data Centre as a whole, and did not contemplate that DXC had the
option of only using, and paying for, some and not all of the Modules during
the initial or renewed terms of the SSA.

22 This analysis is not affected by the subsequent amendments to the SSA in
the Amendment Agreement dated 28 February 2017 (the “1st AA”) 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Tung-1 at pp 97–104.

and the Amendment Agreement dated 27 March 2020 (the “2nd AA”) 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Tung-1 at pp 105–110.

(collectively, the “AAs”). The AAs renewed or extended the SSA – first for
five years commencing 1 March 2017, and then for five years up to 31 March
2025 – and introduced amendments mainly to vary the Contract Pricing and
increase the Minimum Charge payable by DXC (under cl 5.6 of the SSA) in
respect of the renewed terms. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Tung-1 at paras 16–22.

23 I note that cl 18.1 of the SSA (as it originally appears) states that
“[DXC] reserves the right to terminate [the SSA] or any Statement of Work
hereunder without liability at any time, with or without cause, upon thirty
(90) [sic] days prior written notice to [Keppel]”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Tung-1 at p 51.

This appears to contradict the requirement under cl 14 of the Contract Pricing
and cl 5.6 of the SSA that DXC pay Keppel the Minimum Charge in the event of
termination or suspension of services (save for material breach by Keppel).
However, the standard terms in the body of the SSA must be read in light of
the specifically negotiated terms. A more specific or detailed contractual
provision should override an inconsistent general provision: Zurich Insurance
at [131]. Thus, the termination provision in cl 18.1 must be read subject to
DXC’s obligation to pay the Minimum Charge as stipulated under cl 14 of the
Contract Pricing and cl 5.6 of the SSA.

24 In any event, this apparent inconsistency (as well as the typographical
error in cl 18.1) was subsequently addressed. Clause 18.1 of the SSA was
amended by the 2nd AA on 27 March 2020 to read “[s]ubject to Section 5.6
(Minimum Charges), DXC reserves the right to terminate [the SSA] or any
Statement of Work hereunder without liability at any time … by way of issuing
to [Keppel] ninety (90) days’ prior written notice”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Tung-1 at para 22.

Since the dispute began with the issuance of the 2021 PO and the 2021 CO on 13
and 17 May 2021 respectively, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tung-1 at paras 34, 38; Theydon-1 at paras 43–44.

the applicable version of the SSA includes the amended cl 18.1 which
recognises DXC’s obligation to pay the Minimum Charge in the event it
terminates or suspends the SSA.

25 I highlight that DXC’s case is that the terms of the SSA have been varied,
not that the SSA has been suspended or terminated. No Notice of Termination
has been issued, and DXC is still making use of Modules A and B. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at para 61.

26 In the circumstances, the real issue is whether DXC is entitled under the
SSA (as amended by the AA) to unilaterally reduce the Data Centre to just
Modules A and B, and to pay a reduced charge for the same.

Main issues

Change Order

27 DXC argues that it is entitled, via a CO under the SSA, to unilaterally
amend the SSA to reduce the size of the Data Centre or change the services
Keppel is obliged to provide.

28 This issue turns on the interpretation of the provisions in the SSA
relating to COs, set out below: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Tung-1 at pp 37–38, 43.

2.3 “Change Order” means a written order in the form of Exhibit E Change Order
Form that is signed by an authorized representative of [DXC], and that
authorizes an addition, deletion or revision in the Services or an adjustment
to the Maximum Cost or the time for performance of the Services.

…

7.1 [DXC] may request changes in the Services at any time prior to completion.
All changes will be documented in a Change Order before the change is
executed. If any such change results in [Keppel’s] request for additional
compensation, such claim must be in writing and must be submitted to [DXC]
within ten (10) days after [DXC’s] request for the change that gives rise to
the claim. Any such notice will include a reasonably detailed statement of the
reasons for [Keppel’s] proposed additional compensation. The parties will in
good faith negotiate an equitable adjustment to the Maximum Cost.

29 DXC argues that the issuance of a CO under cl 7.1 of the SSA permits it to
make changes in the services provided by Keppel at any time prior to
completion. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 22.

DXC points out that cl 2.3 of the SSA expressly defines a CO as a document in
the format set out in Exhibit E of the SSA and “signed by an authorised
representative of [DXC]”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DWS at para 40.

DXC submits that there is no requirement for a CO to be signed or otherwise
acknowledged by Keppel – this was a deliberate decision made by parties, as
evidenced by the fact that other clauses in the SSA (eg, cl 2.11) expressly
required that other documents be signed by authorised representatives of both
parties. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at para 41.

30 DXC accepts that its reading of the SSA would result in it being able to
freely vary the space provided by Keppel – eg, by requiring 20,500 sq ft of
space one year, then 10,000 sq ft the following year, and back to 20,500 sq ft
in the third year. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS at para 51.

However, DXC argues that this scenario is not commercially absurd since Keppel
would be able to seek recourse by submitting a written request for additional
compensation pursuant to cl 7.1 of the SSA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS at para 52.

31 DXC’s arguments fail for several reasons.

32 First, any power given to one party to unilaterally re-write the terms of a
contract is an extraordinary one and must be expressed in the clearest of
terms. The terms of the SSA do not expressly allow DXC to unilaterally change
the services it had contracted for, and indeed, suggest the opposite.

33 Clause 7.1 of the SSA expressly states that DXC may request changes in the
services provided; it does not stipulate that Keppel is obliged to agree to
DXC’s requested changes. The requirement under cl 2.3 of the SSA for a CO to
be “signed by an authorized representative of [DXC]” only speaks to the
validity of the CO – in other words, it is a necessary condition for an
effective CO, but not a sufficient one. Indeed, Exhibit E of the SSA – the
“Change Order Form” specifically referred to in cl 2.3 – requires the
representatives of both DXC and Keppel to sign to indicate their acceptance of
the proposed modifications to the SSA. This plainly requires Keppel to agree
to the changes requested by DXC.

34 DXC argues that in the event of conflict between Exhibit E and the
provisions of the SSA, cl 22 of the SSA provides that the latter would
prevail. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DWS at para 49.

However, cl 22 only applies where there is a clear contradiction between the
exhibits of the SSA and its provisions. That was not the case here since the
two could be read harmoniously.

35 DXC refers to other clauses in the SSA – cll 2.11 and 3.3 – where a party’s
acceptance is specifically provided for, and contrasts these with cl 7.1 which
does not expressly refer to Keppel’s acceptance of a CO. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DWS at paras 41–42.

This does not advance DXC’s case. Those provisions deal with entirely
different matters. Further, as explained above, the language of the provisions
dealing with COs refers to Keppel’s acceptance of DXC’s request.

36 Second, the additional compensation provided for by cl 7.1 of the SSA
clearly contemplates a situation where the requested change results in Keppel
incurring additional costs or liabilities not agreed in or contemplated by the
SSA. This is fortified by the requirement in cl 7.1 for Keppel to submit “a
reasonably detailed statement of the reasons for [Keppel’s] proposed
additional compensation”. Clause 7.1 does not contemplate a situation where
DXC requests a change that will result in less payment being made to Keppel.
It would not make sense for Keppel to have to submit reasons for such a
change.

37 Nevertheless, I would not go so far as to say that Keppel has the right to
reject any changes requested by DXC. A parallel may be drawn here to building
and construction contracts, in which a contractor is generally obliged to
carry out variations requested by the employer (subject to appropriate
adjustments in compensation), unless the effect of the requested variation
would be to change the scope of the contract such that the works as varied
become fundamentally different from that contemplated by the parties at the
time of contracting: see Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2018) at paras 5.145–5.146, citing Thorn v
London Corp (1876) 1 App Cas 120. Similarly, it is arguable that there is an
implied term in the SSA that Keppel may not unreasonably reject DXC’s
requested changes in so far as they are within the context of the scope of the
agreed services. However, DXC is not asserting any such implied term. In any
event, it would not be unreasonable for Keppel to reject the request under the
2021 CO to discontinue the use of Modules C and D. In the context of a
fixed‑term contract for custom-fitted space and services for a fixed price,
that would amount to a change in the scope of the SSA that would make the
services provided fundamentally or materially different from that contemplated
by the parties at the time of contracting.

38 I hasten to add that much depends on the precise wording of the contract.
In construction contracts, the power to order a variation often rests with the
architect or engineer (who in turn acts on the employer’s instructions): see
Law and Practice of Construction Contracts at para 5.011. In such cases, the
contractor is generally obliged to carry out the variation unless it changes
the scope of the contract such that the works as varied become fundamentally
different from that contemplated at the time of contracting. However, in the
present case, the SSA on its face requires both Keppel and DXC to agree to a
change. Thus, the category of changes which Keppel is obliged to agree to may
be narrower than that in such construction contracts. In any event, the exact
delineation of this category is not pertinent to the present case; DXC’s
request under the 2021 CO was clearly outside its bounds.

39 Third, DXC’s ability to unilaterally vary the area of the Data Centre in
the manner it purported to do would be inconsistent with cl 14 of the Contract
Pricing and cl 5.6 of the SSA, which guarantees Keppel the Minimum Charge. As
stated above at [20], Keppel is guaranteed the Minimum Charge if DXC suspends
or terminates the SSA. If DXC’s interpretation is correct, it can simply avoid
paying the Minimum Charge by reducing the Data Centre to only 1 sq ft of space
instead of suspending or terminating the SSA. The parties clearly could not
have intended such an outcome.

40 Fourth, I agree with Keppel’s argument that DXC’s reading of the CO
mechanism under the SSA would result in commercial absurdity. If DXC is
correct, Keppel would be obliged to make the full space – ie, Modules A–D –
available for the entire contractual period, even though DXC could potentially
request to use only 1 sq ft of space at any point. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PWS at para 35.

41 Further, as stated above at [30], DXC accepts that its reading of the SSA
would result in it being able to freely vary the space provided by Keppel –
eg, by requiring 20,500 sq ft of space one year, 10,000 sq ft the following
year, and back to 20,500 sq ft in the third year. DXC’s response is that this
argument “ignores the nature of the industry in which the parties operate. The
very nature of a data centre makes it extremely unlikely for there to be such
to-ing and fro‑ing in terms of the space needed”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DWS at para 51.

This argument must fail. Not only is there no evidential basis for this
submission, DXC’s argument in fact supports and explains why the parties would
agree upfront to a fixed‑term contract for a fixed space – DXC’s requirements
were, on its own case, unlikely to change.

42 DXC’s interpretation would also allow it to “game” the deal it struck with
Keppel: should market rates for data centre services fall substantially, DXC
would be able to avoid paying Keppel the fixed rates it had agreed by
substantially reducing the space under the SSA and taking up space at lower
rates with Keppel’s competitors; should the market rates rise, DXC would
simply hold Keppel to the agreed bargain under the SSA.

43 In addition, regardless of DXC’s unilateral reductions of the space used,
Keppel would still be obligated under the SSA to continue providing DXC the
Media Space free-of-charge.

44 All these consequences of DXC’s interpretation make no commercial sense and
a contractual interpretation resulting in them must be avoided: Zurich
Insurance at [131]. The parties, which are both large commercial entities,
were highly unlikely to have reached such a lop-sided deal.

45 Therefore, the 2021 CO was not valid, had no effect, and did not result in
any change to the SSA or the services provided under it. Consequently, the POs
issued pursuant to the 2021 CO were invalid as well, since the attempted
revision of the services provided was ineffective.

Purchase Order

46 In its submissions, DXC seems to acknowledge that the validity of the POs
issued pursuant to the 2021 CO depends on the validity of the 2021 CO itself –
DXC notes that “[t]he 2021 CO and the May 2021 PO must be read together”, such
that the 2021 CO would contain the “deletion or revision of the Services”,
which would be reflected in subsequent POs. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DWS at paras 30–31.

However, DXC also appears to argue that the PO mechanism was an alternative
way, in addition to the CO mechanism, through which the SSA and the services
provided may be varied. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DWS at paras 19–21, 28.

For the reasons below, I disagree with this argument.

47 DXC relies on cl 1.4 of the SSA, which provides that “[Keppel] acknowledges
and agrees that it will not commence any work for [DXC] or incur any related
expenses or costs unless and until it has received [a PO] expressly
authorizing such work”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DWS at para 19; Tung-1 at p 37.

DXC argues that cl 1.4 made clear that Keppel’s obligation to perform the
services and DXC’s obligation to pay for them were only triggered once DXC
issued its PO. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DWS at para 20.

DXC contends that this is further supported by cll 3.1 and 3.2, which
stipulate that Keppel shall perform the services described in the SOW upon
execution of the SOW and receipt of a PO from DXC. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DWS at paras 15–18.

Hence, Keppel could not charge DXC for anything that is not set out in a PO.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DWS at para 21.

DXC notes that this is in line with cl 5.2, which provides that Keppel will be
paid for services for which it has received a PO. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at para 26.

48 However, the provisions which DXC relies on must be read and understood
subject to what the parties specifically agreed to in the SOW, as well as the
purpose of a PO under the SSA. DXC’s position that the POs allow it to freely
vary the services to be provided to Keppel does not cohere with the structure
of the SSA as a fixed‑term contract with services and fees that were agreed
upfront.

49 Pertinently, it was not the function of the PO under the SSA to set out or
vary the services to be provided by Keppel. The SOW is the only document
mentioned which is to set out the services to be provided by Keppel – cl 1.1
states that the services shall be described in the SOW; cl 3.1 states that
Keppel will provide services described in the SOW; and cl 3.2 states that
Keppel shall undertake to perform the services set out in a SOW upon the SOW’s
execution with an accompanying PO. Further, the SSA specifically provided (at
cl 7.1) that any amendments to the services were to be requested via a CO. The
POs were not contemplated as an alternative mechanism through which the SSA
could be varied.

50 As the parties had agreed to a fixed‑term contract for a fixed space and
services under the SOW, a PO was plainly not necessary to authorise the same –
the parties were already in a binding agreement. In that regard, the reference
in cl 1.4 of the SSA to Keppel acknowledging that it will not “commence any
work for [DXC] or incur any related expenses or costs unless and until it has
received a [PO]” 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Tung-1 at p 37.

must be understood to mean that DXC will issue a PO consistent with the terms
of the SSA (in particular, the SOW and the Contract Pricing) – ie, for data
services for a fixed term of five years at the agreed rates. Such a reading is
also consistent with cll 3.1 and 3.2 of the SSA. The PO does serve an
important and useful purpose in that it specifies when the services under the
SSA are to commence – in this case, the first PO was issued on 8 March 2011
and specified that the start date was 15 June 2011. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Theydon-1 at p 101.

51 I add that there is nothing objectionable with DXC issuing POs on a yearly
basis, so long as their terms are consistent with, and reflect, the parties’
agreement under the SSA. DXC is not permitted to issue POs inconsistent with
the terms of the SOW and Contract Pricing, and then rely on its own wrong by
claiming that it is only bound by the terms of the PO.

52 As an aside, I highlight that the parties’ conduct also indicated that they
understood the POs to be a payment mechanism which had no impact on the
provision of services by Keppel (save for the first PO on 8 March 2011 which
initiated the provision of services). DXC was late to issue the POs on
multiple occasions; yet Keppel did not cease to provide utilities and services
to DXC in the periods between the expiry of a previous PO and the issuance of
a subsequent PO, and DXC did not object to the provision of such services or
claim that they were unauthorised.

53 DXC’s interpretation of the PO mechanism – ie, allowing DXC to unilaterally
vary the services provided – would also contradict other provisions of the SSA
by rendering the CO mechanism and the Minimum Charge redundant. Further,
similar to DXC’s interpretation of the CO mechanism, DXC’s interpretation of
the PO mechanism would produce the absurd results noted above at [40], whereby
DXC could, at will, increase or decrease the space it desired at any point
during the term of the SSA, while Keppel is required to keep the entire agreed
space available for DXC’s use. This is compounded by the fact that the SSA
does not specify how often POs are to be issued. Yet, as Keppel has rightly
argued, parties have not provided for the consequent costs or the allocation
of risks arising from the reconfiguration of the Data Centre in such a
situation. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PWS at para 39b.

54 I note DXC’s reliance on cl 2.9 of the SSA, which defines a PO as a written
authorisation signed by an authorised representative of DXC and which is
issued by DXC to authorise Keppel “to perform all or a portion of the
Services”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 28.

This clause does not assist DXC. It must be read in light of the fact that the
SSA contained standard terms which DXC used in securing the provision of
services by its various business partners. That may well include contexts
where POs for the performance of only a portion of the agreed services are
acceptable. Here, as explained above at [50], in the context of the SSA, DXC
had already authorised Keppel to provide the services in the SOW. Further, POs
for part of the services are acceptable in the present case as well – DXC can
issue different partial POs, as long as the entirety of them covers all the
services set out in the SOW. It bears reiterating (as noted at [49] above)
that the PO did not play a role in defining or amending the services to be
provided; that was the function of the SOW and the CO mechanism respectively.
Clause 2.9 is therefore not inconsistent with the fact that the POs issued by
DXC must be consistent with its obligations under the SSA and SOW.

Conclusion

55 I therefore accept the interpretation of the SSA as advanced by Keppel. DXC
was not permitted under the SSA to unilaterally revise the services to be
provided by Keppel to exclude the use of Modules C and D. The 2021 CO was
therefore invalid and DXC’s subsequent refusal to pay for Modules C and D
amounted to a breach of the SSA.

56 I will hear the parties separately on the appropriate relief. For the
avoidance of doubt, the time to appeal this decision does not run until I have
dealt with the entirety of Keppel’s claim.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Thio Shen Yi SC, Thara Rubini Gopalan, Goh Enchi Jeanne and Ang Kai Le (TSMP
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Siraj Omar SC, Joelle Tan (Drew & Napier LLC) (instructed), Choo Yu Jin
Jonathan, Lee Wei Han Shaun, Adly Rizal bin Said and Lieu Kah Yen (Bird & Bird
ATMD LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Jan 2024 (10:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

