Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 15

Divorce Transferred No 1584 of 2023

Between

WUP

… Plaintiff

And

WUQ

… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WUP

  
v

  

WUQ

[2024] SGHCF 15

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce Transferred No
1584 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
19 February 2024

27 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was 58 years old when, as a widower with two adult children
(aged 26 and 28), he married the defendant. He met the defendant through a
dating agency in Taiwan, in October 2018. He is a Singaporean citizen, and she
is a Taiwanese national living in Taiwan. She was 40 years old then. They
spent a year in a long-distance relationship. In late November 2019, she moved
to Singapore. She had been sceptical about moving to Singapore, but the
plaintiff convinced her that she could adapt. They married shortly after, on 1
December 2019. In less than two years, optimism turned to gloom. The plaintiff
bemoans in his affidavit, that he had “longed for a supportive and peaceful
relationship in [his] sunset years after being widowed, and this short-lived
marriage has caused [him] much grief”. 58 is hardly sunset; it is more like
mid-afternoon, so there should be no rush in looking for wife number three.

2 The plaintiff is a manager earning $66,619.53 a month and his take-home pay
is $44,857.67. The defendant has a bachelor’s degree in costume design, but
with no known job. She was not employed in her brief sojourn in Singapore. She
seemed bored, not at all keen to do any housework, and told the plaintiff so
in a recorded text message. On 28 May 2020, she returned to Taiwan after
promising that she would return to Singapore within a couple of months. She
did not.

3 According to the plaintiff, he wanted very much for her to return, but she
wanted very much for him to buy her an expensive house in Taiwan. In what must
have been a weak compromise, he sent her two sums of money, $4,300 in July
2020, and $15,000 in October 2020. With that, the defendant flew back in March
2021. The plaintiff’s elation lasted three weeks. The defendant proved to be
difficult to live with, persisting in finding faults with the plaintiff, and
making numerous demands for money without success. On 12 May 2021, she went
back to Taiwan and was not seen again.

4 The plaintiff filed for divorce on 9 April 2023. The defendant made a feeble
attempt to challenge the divorce application, but she did not file her
affidavit as directed despite the generosity of the Family Justice Courts
Family Registry granting her extra time to do so. Eventually, in the absence
of a defence, the court granted interim judgment to the plaintiff on 11 July
2023.

5 The process moved to the stage of the division of matrimonial assets, and
maintenance. The defendant again filed her statements by email, despite
express directions from the court to file an affidavit setting out her assets.
The Family Registry’s offer of assistance was spurned. She did not appreciate
why an email is not a sufficient means to declare her assets, or why the
affidavit was required. It is the solemn affirmation of the statements under
oath that will render a witness liable for false declaration.

6 However, the plaintiff exhibited the unsworn statements of the defendant.
The thrust of her case was that the plaintiff treated her like “an unpaid maid
and sex slave”, and she was bullied by the plaintiff and his two children. I
considered these unsworn statements against the contemporaneous documents
exhibited by the plaintiff in his affidavits, and am inclined to accept the
plaintiff’s version. The exhibited documents referred to the defendant as
“Cindy”, but I could find no explanation that “Cindy” is the defendant.
Nonetheless, I am satisfied that the references to “Cindy” were references to
the defendant, but counsel is reminded that this sort of sloppiness in other
circumstances might be detrimental to their client’s case.

7 The court directed a case conference to be held on 15 August 2023, for the
defendant to attend in person so that any misgivings and misunderstandings on
her part might be addressed, and directions were given for the case to proceed
without further delay. The defendant did not turn up for the case conference
and a fresh date (13 September 2023) was given, and again, she did not appear.
The court sent the Zoom details to the defendant so that she could appear via
Zoom. The court then gave directions and details were sent to the defendant by
way of a Registrar’s Notice through email. After the defendant had ignored the
court’s direction for a further case conference on 12 October 2023, and the
dates for the filing of submissions, the parties were told that the matter
would be heard on 1 November 2023.

8 The plaintiff’s counsel, Ms Beatrice Yeo, filed her submissions on the
plaintiff’s behalf on time. The defendant did not. However, she appeared at
the hearing and agreed to the dissolution of the marriage, but she wanted to
claim maintenance. The District Judge Adriene Cheong directed the parties to
resolve the issue of maintenance amicably. A mediation via Zoom was set up
with the defendant’s consent, but the defendant abruptly logged out of the
session midway and did not return.

9 A case conference was again fixed for 28 November 2023. The defendant turned
up and attempted to submit an affidavit that was not affirmed before a
Commissioner for Oaths (“CFO”). The defendant gave the incredible reason that
she could not find a CFO. The court gave her a final extension of time to file
her affidavit, this time, by 26 December 2023. The court further directed,
probably with some relief, that the matter be transferred to the High Court
given the value of the assets.

10 The defendant did not comply with the court’s extension of time, nor did
she attend the case conference fixed on 29 December 2023. Final directions
were then given, and the defendant was again, notified. The matter was fixed
for hearing before me on 19 February 2024. The plaintiff was represented by Ms
Madeleine Poh. The defendant was unrepresented and absent.

11 There are only two issues: (1) the division of matrimonial assets; and (2)
the question of maintenance for the defendant. The plaintiff’s total assets
amount to $10,405,925.92. Of these, his house at xx Seletar Green Walk is
valued at $4,300,000 as of April 2023. It was acquired before his marriage
with the defendant, as were virtually all the other assets. Taking into
consideration that several of his assets are joint accounts with his deceased
wife and his children, and accounting for his personal liabilities, I find the
total net value of the plaintiff’s assets to be $6,539,430.45.

12 There is no evidence of the defendant’s assets, which I will accept to be
nil. I also accept Ms Poh’s submission that the defendant has produced no
evidence to show any direct financial contribution on her part to the family
coffers. The marriage was short-lived, and her presence in Singapore, even
shorter. Further, by her own admission, she made no effort to add value to the
matrimonial assets through indirect contributions.

13 Given that she brought nothing but grief to the marriage, and added nothing
to it during its brief span, there is nothing that can be awarded to her. I
therefore order that each party is to retain his or her assets in their sole
names.

14 I am of the view that the fair order is to award a lump sum maintenance,
given such a brief marriage. There is no evidence of what the defendant had
done in her sojourn in Singapore, except that she was given $400 to $800 a
month as allowance, in addition to the $19,300 that the plaintiff gave to
cajole her to return to Singapore. In the circumstances, I award the defendant
a lump sum of $5,000 as a clean break.

15 I make no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Madeleine Poh (Yeo & Associates LLC) for the plaintiff;  
The defendant unrepresented, absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Feb 2024 (17:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

