Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Appellate DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC(A) 7

Originating Application No 59 of 2023

In the matter of Order 18 Rule 29(1) Rules of Court 2021

Between

| Luckin Coffee Inc  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Interactive Digital Finance Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Tiah Thee Kian  
(3)| Credit Suisse AG  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Originating Claim No 225 of 2023 (Registrar’s Appeal No 206
of 2023)

Between

(1)| Interactive Digital Finance Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Tiah Thee Kian  
  
… Claimants

And

(1)| Credit Suisse AG  
---|---  
(2)| Luckin Coffee Inc  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Leave]

[Civil Procedure — Service — Leave for service out of jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Luckin Coffee Inc

  
v

  

Interactive Digital Finance Ltd and others

[2024] SGHC(A) 7

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 59 of 2023  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD  
19 December 2023

5 March 2024

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

The parties and the action

1 Interactive Digital Finance Limited (“IDFL”) is incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands. It is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr Tiah Thee Kian
(“Mr Tiah”) who is a Malaysian citizen. IDFL neither carries on a business nor
has a permanent establishment in Singapore. For convenience, we refer to IDFL
and Mr Tiah collectively as the “Claimants” below.

2 Credit Suisse AG is a global investment bank which has a branch in Singapore
(also referred to as “CS Singapore”). The Claimants hold accounts with CS
Singapore through which investments were transacted.

3 Luckin Coffee Inc (“Luckin”) is incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its
shares listed on NASDAQ in the USA.

4 HC/OC 225/2023 (“OC 225”) is an action filed in Singapore on 13 April 2023
by IDFL and Mr Tiah against Credit Suisse AG as the first defendant and Luckin
as the second defendant.

5 As Luckin is located outside Singapore, the Claimants obtained leave from
the court to serve the originating claim on Luckin in the Cayman Islands.
Luckin then applied to set aside the leave granted. This application was
contested by the Claimants and also by Credit Suisse AG. The application was
dismissed by the Deputy Registrar (the “DR”) and Luckin’s appeal against this
decision was dismissed by a judge of the General Division of the High Court
(the “Judge”). Luckin is now applying for permission to appeal against the
Judge’s decision. Accordingly, Luckin is the applicant (the “Applicant”) and
IDFL and Mr Tiah are the first and second respondents respectively in the
application. Credit Suisse AG is the third respondent.

6 The Claimants are claiming for losses sustained on investments made through
the Claimants’ accounts in CS Singapore. These investments include:

(a) Derivatives based on Luckin’s shares called Daily Accrual Callable Notes
and Tracker Certificates with Bonus. These are collectively known as the
“Derivative Products”.

(b) Direct purchases of shares issued by Luckin.

(collectively, the “Luckin Investments”)

7 All Luckin Investments were held in the Claimants’ accounts with CS
Singapore or a custodian account operated by CS Singapore.

8 The Claimants' claims are primarily for deceit and for negligence because of
representations made by CS Singapore and Luckin. The representations have been
referred to as:

(a) the “CS Representations” (being representations made by CS Singapore);

(b) the “LK Representations” (being representations made by Luckin); and

(c) the “Schakel Representations” (being representations made by one Mr
Schakel who was Luckin’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer at
the material time).

9 The Claimants allege that they relied on the CS and LK Representations to
engage in the Luckin Investments, where they had invested in derivative
products which used securities issued by Luckin (as a reference share) or
directly purchased shares issued by Luckin. These investments were made
through accounts maintained with CS Singapore. The Claimants allege that the
representations were false and that there was fraud in Luckin's affairs, which
was discovered from 2 April 2020.

10 As a result of the Schakel Representations made after 2 April 2020, IDFL
purchased additional shares in Luckin. The Claimants continued to hold on to
the Luckin Investments save for the sale of some shares which is not material
for present purposes.

11 As indicated above at [8], there is also a claim against both Credit Suisse
AG and Luckin as joint tortfeasors for deceit under which the Claimants allege
that Credit Suisse AG and Luckin acted under a common design to procure
investments in and/or based on Luckin’s shares via the LK Representations and
CS Representations.

12 As mentioned, after the Claimants commenced an action in Singapore against
Credit Suisse AG and Luckin, the Claimants subsequently obtained leave to
serve the originating claim out of the jurisdiction on Luckin in the Cayman
Islands vide HC/SUM 1197/2023 (“SUM 1197”) on 26 April 2023.

Luckin’s application to set aside the permission for Luckin to be served out
of jurisdiction in SUM 1197

13 Subsequently, on 3 July 2023, Luckin filed HC/SUM 1973/2023 (“SUM 1973”) to
seek the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that the Singapore courts have no jurisdiction against
Luckin;

(b) an order to set aside the leave granted to the Claimants to serve the
Originating Claim on Luckin in the Cayman Islands;

(c) further and/or in the alternative, an order that the Singapore action
against Luckin be stayed because of a lack of jurisdiction by the Singapore
courts; or

(d) an order that the Singapore action against Luckin be stayed on the grounds
of forum non conveniens.

14 The DR heard the application on 25 August 2023. He delivered his decision
on 4 September 2023. We set out below the DR’s helpful summary of the relevant
provisions in issue and the claims of the Claimants:

Under section 16(1)(a)(ii) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969, the
General Division has jurisdiction to hear and try an action in personam where
the defendant is served with an originating claim outside Singapore in the
circumstances authorised by and in the manner prescribed by the Rules of
Court.

Under Order 8 Rule 1(1) of the Rules of Court 2021, an originating process may
be served out of Singapore with the Court’s approval if it can be shown that
the Court has the jurisdiction or is the appropriate court to hear the action.
Order 8 Rule 1(2) of the Rules of Court 2021 adds that to obtain the Court’s
approval, the claimant must apply to the Court by summons without notice and
supported by affidavit, which must state (among other things) why the Court
has the jurisdiction or is the appropriate court to hear the action.

Paragraph 63(2) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 (“SCPD 2021”)
states that, for the purposes of showing why the Court is the appropriate
court to hear the action, the claimant should include in the supporting
affidavit any relevant information showing that:

(a) there is a good arguable case that there is sufficient nexus to Singapore;

(b) Singapore is the forum conveniens; and

(c) there is a serious question to be tried on the merits of the claim.

Paragraph 63(3) of the SCPD 2021 adds that for the purposes of showing that
there is a good arguable case that there is sufficient nexus to Singapore, the
claimant should “refer to any of the following non-exhaustive list of factors
(as may be applicable) in the supporting affidavit”. The description of the
factors in paragraph 63(3)(a) to (t) of the SCPD 2021 as “non-exhaustive”
signals that the requirement for there to be “a good arguable case that there
is sufficient nexus to Singapore” may be satisfied even if a claim does not
fall neatly within one of the factors enumerated in paragraph 63(3)(a) to (t)
of the SCPD 2021.

The Claimants make the following claims against [Luckin]:

(a) a claim for deceit against [Credit Suisse AG and Luckin] as joint
tortfeasors by common design, based on one or more of the CS Representations
and/or one or more of the LK Representations (the “joint tortfesor [sic]
claim”);

(b) a claim for deceit against [Luckin] based on one or more of the LK
Representations;

(c) a claim for deceit against [Luckin] based on one or more of the Schakel
Representations; and

(d) a claim for negligence against [Luckin] based on one or more of the
Schakel Representations.

…

The Claimants rely on paragraph 63(3)(c), (f) and (p) of the SCPD 2021 to show
that there is a good arguable case that there is sufficient nexus to
Singapore.

Paragraph 63(3)(c) of the SCPD 2021 applies where “the claim is brought
against a person duly served in or outside Singapore, and a person outside
Singapore is a necessary or proper party to the claim”. This factor is
relevant only to the joint tortfeasor claim….

…

Paragraph 63(3)(f)(i) of the SCPD 2021 applies where “the claim ... is founded
on a tort ... which is constituted, at least in part, by an act or omission
occurring in Singapore”.

Paragraph 63(3)(f)(ii) of the SCPD 2021 applies where “the claim ... is wholly
or partly founded on ... damage suffered in Singapore caused by a tortious act
or omission wherever occurring”.

Paragraph 63(3)(p) of the SCPD 2021 applies where “the claim is founded on a
cause of action arising in Singapore”.

15 The main arguments advanced by the parties in SUM 1973 were based very much
on the specific facts of the case. This can be seen from the following summary
of the parties’ arguments before the DR below.

(a) Luckin’s submissions: Before the DR, Luckin argued that there was no
sufficient nexus with Singapore under any of the factors provided for under
paras 63(3)(c), (f) or (p) of the SCPD 2021. More specifically, concerning the
claim of joint tortfeasorship, Luckin also argued that there was no common
design between Credit Suisse AG and Luckin to deceive the Claimants as alleged
which would satisfy para 63(3)(f) of the SCPD 2021 or raise a serious question
to be tried. Any representation made was made outside Singapore, ie, in New
York, where Luckin’s shares are listed. New York is the place of the tort. The
representations were received by the Claimants outside Singapore. It did not
agree that reliance on the representations occurred in Singapore. The only
connection with Singapore was the location in which the Claimants' accounts
were opened, which they argue was fortuitous. While CS Singapore was located
in Singapore, the Claimants and Luckin were based outside Singapore and bore
no personal connections with Singapore. While it may be correct for the
Claimants to sue Credit Suisse AG, any claim against Luckin should be made in
New York and not Singapore. The Deposit Agreement for the American Depository
Shares offered for sale by Luckin states that it is governed by New York law.
The fact that Credit Suisse AG filed a contribution notice against Luckin was
insufficient to drag Luckin into the jurisdiction of Singapore.

(b) Claimants’ Submissions: The Claimants submitted that the requirement of a
sufficient nexus had been made out via paras 63(3)(c), (f) and (p) of the SCPD
2021.

(i) Under para 63(3)(c) of the SCPD 2021, the Claimants argued that Credit
Suisse AG is a person duly served in Singapore and Luckin is a necessary or
proper party for three reasons. First, there is no dispute that Credit Suisse
AG was duly served in Singapore. Second, Luckin is a necessary and proper
party to the joint tortfeasor claim. An investigation must be conducted into
the alleged common design between Credit Suisse AG and Luckin. This would
require an order of discovery against and the cross-examination of both
defendants. Third, Credit Suisse AG issued a contribution notice against
Luckin in respect of claims made against Credit Suisse AG by the Claimants.

(ii) Under para 63(3)(f) of the SCPD 2021, the Claimants argued that both
limbs of this paragraph are made out to establish sufficient jurisdictional
nexus to Singapore. Concerning the first limb under para 63(3)(f)(i), the
Claimants argued that the LK Representations were made in Singapore because CS
Singapore communicated them to the Claimants in Singapore. In any event, based
on Luckin's Defence, the LK Representations were made in China and not New
York. The Schakel Representations were also made in China.

Furthermore, another aspect of the tort was the Claimants’ reliance on the
various representations. The reliance was in Singapore as the investments were
made through the accounts opened with CS Singapore. The torts of deceit and
negligence were constituted in Singapore because reliance occurred in
Singapore. This was relevant for para 63(3)(p) of the SCPD 2021.

Concerning the second limb under para 63(3)(f)(ii), the damage was suffered in
Singapore as the Luckin Investments were held in accounts opened with CS
Singapore. The damage occurred when the investments were made through these
accounts.

(iii) On the requirement that Singapore is the more appropriate forum to
determine the action, the Claimants argued that Singapore is the more
appropriate forum compared to New York. It was undesirable to have one set of
proceedings in Singapore against Credit Suisse AG and one set in New York
against Luckin.

(c) Credit Suisse AG’s submissions: Credit Suisse AG aligned itself with the
Claimants’ position that OC 225 should be heard in Singapore. It submitted
that the factual matrix underpinning the claims against both Luckin and Credit
Suisse AG are inextricably linked, given that the alleged CS Representations,
which form the basis of the claims against CS Singapore, are closely connected
to the LK Representations and Schakel Representations. Furthermore, the same
loss is claimed concerning all the claims, whether those claims are formulated
against Luckin or Credit Suisse AG individually or both. Given the
inextricable link between the Claimant’s claims against Luckin and Credit
Suisse AG, Credit Suisse AG filed a contribution notice against Luckin on 13
July 2023.

(d) Credit Suisse AG also argued that Singapore is a more appropriate forum
than New York to hear the claims. New York would not be able to hear claims
against Credit Suisse AG because of the exclusive jurisdiction agreement,
which bound the Claimants to commence claims against Credit Suisse AG in
Singapore. Furthermore, there were other important connecting factors pointing
to Singapore, such as the location of potential witnesses and the place from
which the CS Representations were given.

16 Having heard the parties’ submissions, the DR dismissed SUM 1973 on 4
September 2023. He was of the view that there is a good arguable case that
there is sufficient nexus to Singapore under paras 63(3)(c), (f) and (p) of
the SCPD 2021. The DR decided that any tort of deceit or negligence would be
constituted when reliance on the relevant representations took place in
Singapore by the investments made by the Claimants or by holding onto the
investments already made. Damage was suffered in Singapore when there was a
fall in the value of the investments. Regarding forum non conveniens, the DR
observed that Luckin pointed only to New York as the more appropriate forum
than Singapore. He was satisfied that Singapore is the forum conveniens of the
dispute. This is because whether the Claimants can succeed in the claims
against Luckin for deceit and negligence falls to be determined under
Singapore law, and Credit Suisse AG’s witnesses are based in Singapore. The
location of the Claimants’ and Luckin’s witnesses and the location of
documents are neutral factors. The DR also made the following observations:

While [Luckin’s] securities are listed on NASDAQ in New York, [Luckin] must
have appreciated that it would have attracted investors from around the world.
I do not regard [Luckin’s] unilateral submission to the jurisdiction of the
New York courts as determinative of the matter.

Given the relationship between the Claimants’ claims against the [Defendants]
(in particular, the overlapping damage suffered), there are clear juridical
advantages in having the claims against [Luckin] tried in Singapore together
with the claims against [Credit Suisse AG].

The subsequent appeal to the General Division of the High Court

17 Luckin then appealed to a judge of the General Division of the High Court
(“the Judge”) vide HC/RA 206/2023 (“RA 206”). The appeal was heard on 21
November 2023. The Judge dismissed the appeal, finding that he was in “broad
agreement” with the DR’s decision:

I agree with the Claimants that there is a good arguable case that there is
sufficient nexus to Singapore because their claims against [Luckin] for deceit
and/or negligence fall within:

\- SCPD paragraph 63(3)(f)(i) – Reliance on the LK Representations and the
Schakel Representations took place in Singapore where the transactions were
effected.

\- SCPD, paragraph 63(3)(f)(ii) – Damage was suffered in Singapore where the
accounts through which the transactions were effected were held.

\- SCPD, paragraph 63(3)(p) – The causes of action arose in Singapore.

It is not necessary for this purpose to consider the claim based on joint
tortfeasorship by common design.

Given my finding that there is a good arguable case of sufficient nexus to
Singapore based on SCPD, paragraphs 63(3)(f) and (p), it is unnecessary to
separately consider whether there are serious questions to be tried on the
merits of the claims for deceit and negligence.

As for the issue of forum conveniens, I agree with the Claimants and [Credit
Suisse AG] that Singapore is the proper forum. As the place of the torts was
Singapore, it is also prima facie the natural forum. Further, the claim
against [Credit Suisse AG] is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
Singapore. I agree that given the overlap between the claims against [Credit
Suisse AG] and [Luckin], and [Credit Suisse AG’s] claim against [Luckin] for
contribution, fragmentation should be avoided as far as possible.

18 Concerning whether Credit Suisse AG’s claim for contribution against Luckin
could satisfy para 63(3)(q) of the SCPD, the Judge considered that the
expression “in respect of a liability enforceable by proceedings in Singapore”
means “the liability faced by the party seeking indemnity or contribution”.

Luckin’s case on seeking permission to appeal

19 Luckin now seeks permission to appeal against the decision of the Judge on
the grounds that it raises the following three questions:

(a) Question of general principle decided for the first time: Whether a
foreign issuer of shares is subject to the Singapore courts’ jurisdiction
where an investor has purchased shares and/or derivative products based on
that foreign issuer’s shares through an investment account in Singapore
(“Question 1”).

(b) Question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage: Whether a foreign company
listed on a foreign stock exchange is subject to the Singapore courts’
jurisdiction where an investor has purchased derivative products based on that
listed company’s shares (which products the listed company had no involvement
in preparing and/or marketing) through a bank account in Singapore (“Question
2”).

(c) Question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage: Whether the filing of a
contribution notice amounts to a sufficient nexus to establish jurisdiction
over a foreign defendant in Singapore, and whether para 63(3)(q) of the SCPD
2021 refers to the liability faced by the party seeking indemnity or
contribution when it refers to “a liability enforceable by proceedings in
Singapore” (“Question 3”).

Our decision

20 In seeking permission to appeal, it is trite that the three grounds upon
which such permission may be granted are: (a) a prima facie error of law; (b)
a question of general principle decided for the first time; or (c) a question
of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal
would be to the public advantage: Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 at [16].

21 Questions 1 and 2 are substantially the same and may be considered
together. It is evident from how the questions are framed that they are framed
widely without regard to the specific facts of the case at hand. The
questions, as framed, are too broad and may not be answered without regard to
the specific facts. The Judge had applied established principles concerning
the service out of jurisdiction to the specific facts of the case. Matters of
application of established principles do not raise a question of general
principle: Lin Jianwei v Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and another [2021] 2 SLR 683 at
[86]. In effect, what Luckin is adverting to is that a foreign issuer of
shares listed on a foreign stock exchange can never be subject to the
Singapore courts’ jurisdiction for a tort in respect of an investment by a
claimant in derivative products which used such shares as a reference share or
in respect of the direct purchase of such shares, regardless of the facts of
the case. Yet, Luckin never couched its case so widely in the courts below.

22 Luckin’s emphasis on its status as the issuer of foreign shares has no
bearing on the analysis of whether Singapore is forum conveniens. As Credit
Suisse AG highlights, the claims against Luckin are for its alleged
misrepresentation based on the LK Representations and the Schakel
Representations. Any liability of Luckin would originate from these
representations, not from its issuance of shares. This is a case concerning
claims for misrepresentation. The more specific question is whether there are
sufficient factors connecting these misrepresentation claims to Singapore
which would warrant the case being heard here. The legal principles on the
connecting factors for a claim of misrepresentation (ie, concerning the
question of where reliance, damage and cause of action have occurred in a
jurisdiction) are well established. Significantly, Luckin does not allege that
the DR or the Judge made prima facie errors of law or fact in the application
of these principles.

23 Addressing Question 3, the second part pertains to para 63(3)(q) of the
SCPD 2021. We reiterate that this applies where “the claim is for a
contribution or an indemnity in respect of a liability enforceable by
proceedings in Singapore”. While the Claimants had alluded to the contribution
notice by Credit Suisse AG against Luckin, this was raised in the context of
an argument on para 63(3)(c), not para 63(3)(q).

24 It was Credit Suisse AG who argued before the DR that it would have been
entitled to rely on para 63(3)(q) to bring Luckin into OC 225, if necessary.
In the appeal before the Judge, Luckin had apparently argued that para
63(3)(q) pertained to Luckin’s liability, which was not enforceable by
proceedings in Singapore, as opposed to the liability of Credit Suisse AG to
the Claimants. The Judge was of the view that the provision refers to the
liability faced by the party seeking indemnity or contribution, ie, the
liability faced by Credit Suisse AG to the Claimants.

25 However, the meaning of para 63(3)(q) of the SCPD 2021 is not material in
the present circumstances as the Claimants did not rely on that provision in
seeking leave to serve the originating claim on Luckin outside Singapore.
Furthermore, para 63(3)(q) was not in any case essential to the Judge’s
decision since he was of the view that there was a good arguable case of a
sufficient nexus to Singapore under paras 63(3)(f) and (p) of the SCPD 2021.

26 The first part of Question 3 is not accurately framed since the Claimants
did not suggest that the mere filing of a contribution notice by Credit Suisse
AG necessarily amounts to a sufficient nexus with Singapore.

Conclusion and costs

27 In the circumstances, we dismiss Luckin’s application in OA 59 for
permission to appeal against the decision of the Judge in RA 206.

28 We order that Luckin is to pay the costs of the application fixed at
$7,000, inclusive of disbursements, to the Claimants collectively, and also to
Credit Suisse AG individually. The usual consequential orders apply. Any
security for costs provided by Luckin is to be shared equally between the
Claimants on the one hand and Credit Suisse AG on the other hand.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Debbie Ong Siew Ling  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
  
Thio Shen Yi SC, Ong Pei Ching, Chew Xizhi Stephanie, Chin Yen Bing Arthur and
Terence Yeo (TSMP Law Corporation) for the applicant;

Chin Li Yuen Marina SC, Ng Ka Luon Eddee, Lynn Chew Aiping Alcina, Lee Pei Hua
Rachel and Gitta Priska Adelya (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the first and
second respondents;

Harpreet Singh SC and Jordan Tan (Audent Chambers LLC) (instructed), Chan
Daniel, Lim Wei Lee and Lim Yuan Jing (WongPartnership LLP) for the third
respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

5 March 2024

Case summary

Luckin Coffee Inc v Interactive Digital Finance Limited and others [2024]
SGHC(A) 7

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Appellate Division of the High Court (delivered by Justice Woo
Bih Li):

Outcome: The Appellate Division of the High Court dismisses Luckin Coffee
Inc’s (“Luckin”) application for permission to appeal against the decision of
the General Division of the High Court which upheld a decision by the Deputy
Registrar to dismiss Luckin’s application to set aside permission granted for
Luckin to be served process out of jurisdiction.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• Luckin’s suggested question of whether a foreign issuer of shares is subject
to the Singapore courts’ jurisdiction where an investor has purchased shares
or derivative products based on these shares is not a question of general
principle as the decision below concerned the application of established
principles to the specific facts of the case: at [21].

• Luckin’s emphasis on its status as an issuer of shares on a foreign stock
exchange in the United States of America (“USA”) has no bearing on the crucial
question of whether Singapore is the natural forum for the resolution of the
claims against it. As Luckin is defending claims based on misrepresentations
it had allegedly made, whether Singapore is the natural forum is governed by
established principles on the factors connecting these alleged
misrepresentations to Singapore: at [22].

Background

1 Luckin is incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its shares listed on
NASDAQ in the USA.

2 Interactive Digital Finance Limited (“IDFL”) and Tiah Thee Kian (“Mr Tiah”)
filed a claim for deceit and negligence against Credit Suisse AG and Luckin
for losses suffered in the purchase of Luckin’s shares and derivative products
because of allegedly false representations made by both Credit Suisse AG and
Luckin.

3 As Luckin is located outside Singapore, IDFL and Mr Tiah obtained permission
from the court to serve the originating claim on Luckin in the Cayman Islands.

4 The Deputy Registrar granted IDFL and Mr Tiah permission to serve their
originating claim out of Singapore on Luckin in the Cayman Islands. This was
subsequently upheld by a judge of the General Division of the High Court (the
“Judge”).

5 In AD/OA 59/2023, Luckin seeks permission to appeal against the decision of
the Judge on the basis that the following questions amount to either questions
of general principle to be decided for the first time or questions of
importance upon which a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public
advantage:

a. Whether a foreign issuer of shares is subject to the Singapore courts’
jurisdiction where an investor has purchased shares and/or derivative products
based on that foreign issuer’s shares through an investment account in
Singapore

b. Whether a foreign company listed on a foreign stock exchange is subject to
the Singapore courts’ jurisdiction where an investor has purchased derivative
products based on that listed company’s shares (which products the listed
company had no involvement in preparing and/or marketing) through a bank
account in Singapore.

c. Whether the filing of a contribution notice amounts to a sufficient nexus
to establish jurisdiction over a foreign defendant in Singapore, and whether
paragraph 63(3)(q) of the SCPD 2021 refers to the liability faced by the party
seeking indemnity or contribution when it refers to “a liability enforceable
by proceedings in Singapore”.

Decision

6 The alleged question of whether a foreign issuer of shares is subject to the
Singapore courts’ jurisdiction where an investor has purchased shares or
derivative products based on these shares is not a question of general
principle as the Judge’s decision concerned the application of established
principles to the specific facts of the case: at [21].

7 Luckin’s issuance of shares on a foreign stock exchange in the USA has no
bearing on the crucial question of whether Singapore is the natural forum for
the resolution of the claims against it. As Luckin is defending claims based
on misrepresentations it had allegedly made, whether Singapore is the natural
forum is governed by established principles on the factors connecting these
alleged misrepresentations to Singapore: at [22].

8 As for the meaning of para 63(3)(q) of the SCPD 2021, this is not material
in the present circumstances as IDFL and Mr Tiah did not rely on that
provision in seeking permission to serve the originating claim on Luckin
outside Singapore: at [25].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Mar 2024 (12:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

