Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Singapore international commercial court

  

of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC(I) 5

Originating Application No 10 of 2023

Between

(1)| DBX  
---|---  
(2)| DBY  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| DBZ  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Arbitration — Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DBX and another

  
v

  

DBZ

[2024] SGHC(I) 5

Singapore International Commercial Court — Originating Application No 10 of
2023  
Roger Giles IJ  
19 January 2023

8 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Roger Giles IJ:

Introduction

1 Judgment in these proceedings was given on 15 November 2023: DBX and another
v DBZ [2023] SGHC(I) 18. The Applicants were ordered to pay the Respondent’s
costs. The parties were unable to agree on the amount of the costs. I have
received the Respondent’s written submissions on costs and the Applicants’
submissions in reply. This is the determination of the amount of the costs.

2 When the proceedings were transferred to the Singapore International
Commercial Court (“the SICC”), the learned Deputy Registrar directed that the
costs regime under O 21 of the Rules of Court 2021 (“the ROC”) and Appendix G
to the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 (“the Costs Guidelines”) should
apply to the assessment of pre-transfer costs, and the costs regime under O 22
of the Singapore International Commercial Court Rules 2021 (“the SICC Rules”)
should apply to the assessment of post-transfer costs.

3 The Respondent claims: (a) costs of $187,000, made up of $65,000 for pre-
transfer costs, $115,000 for post- transfer costs and $7,000 for preparation
of the costs submissions; and (b) disbursements of $7,709.38 and
HKD151,978.26, the latter amount being the costs of instructing its Hong Kong
law expert, Mr Stephen Tisdall. The Applicants respond with amounts of $16,288
for pre-transfer costs and $45,000 for post-transfer costs; they do not take
issue with the amount of $7,000 for preparation of the costs submissions nor
the amounts for disbursements.

Pre-transfer costs

4 There is substantial agreement on the basis for assessment of the pre-
transfer costs.

5 The successful party is entitled to “a reasonable amount in respect of all
costs reasonably incurred” (O 21 r 22(2) of the ROC). Whether costs were
reasonably incurred is assessed objectively by considering whether the costs
were incurred in a way corresponding to the level of effort that is generally
accepted as being likely to be expended for the particular type of work in
question; whether costs are a reasonable amount is also assessed objectively
by considering whether the overall amount corresponds to the level of costs
generally accepted as being likely to be incurred for the particular type of
dispute: Senda International Capital Ltd v Kiri Industries Ltd [2023] 1 SLR 96
(“Senda”) at [50]. The objective standard is because costs awarded under O 21
of the ROC are assessed “at such a level as would enable a litigant with
reasonable merits to pursue justice”, so that the level of recoverable costs
in each case is “shaped by the normative question of what ought to be the
amount of costs a successful party can recover for the particular work done in
the context of the dispute in question, irrespective of the level of costs the
successful party may have actually incurred in the legal proceedings”
[emphasis in original] (Senda at [47]).

6 In its assessment of pre-transfer costs, the court is guided by the factors
in O 21 r 2(2) of the ROC, and by costs precedents and the Costs Guidelines;
the regard to costs precedents tends to awarding the same levels of costs in
similar or comparable cases, while the Costs Guidelines represent the level of
fees which members of the public and the legal profession would generally
accept as reasonable (Senda at [48]–[49]). But these are guides only, and the
court may depart from the Costs Guidelines or apply an uplift if, guided by
the factors in O 21 r 2(2), the circumstances of the case so warrant (Senda at
[14]; CBX and another v CBZ and others [2022] 1 SLR 88 at [28] and [34]).

7 The indicative range in the Costs Guidelines for a full day arbitration
Originating Application is $13,000 to $40,000.

8 Without saying what figure within the range it takes as the starting point,
the Respondent submits that an uplift is warranted. The Respondent’s
submissions are extensive, and I summarise their principal points. The matter
was complex (two awards, four discrete setting aside grounds, the need for
foreign law evidence, and a novel question of whether the corrections
postponed the commencement of the three month period); it was factually
detailed (over 500 pages of exhibits to the Applicants’ affidavits, and many
more materials necessitated in the Respondent’s opposition to the
application); the complexity was compounded by the Applicants’ unreasonable
conduct of the application in a number of respects; the Respondent had to
expend substantial time, with a team of four counsel, to meet the complex and
detailed application with its own extensive materials, its actual time and
time costs being over 140 hours and $86,492.50 in total; and finally, an
uplift giving the amount of $65,000 is proportionate to the award debt at
stake, which is almost $14m. There is added reference to two cases in which
pre-transfer costs exceeding the range in the Costs Guidelines had been
awarded, namely CJM and others v CJT [2021] 5 SLR 222 (“CJM”) and Lao Holdings
NV v Government of the Lao Peoples’ Democratic Republic and another matter
[2023] 4 SLR 77 (“Lao Holdings”).

9 The Applicants’ reply submissions do not canvass these submissions. Their
contention is that $65,000 is inconsistent with the level of pre-transfer
costs that had been awarded in comparable cases, referring to three cases: CNA
v CNB and another and other matters [2023] 5 SLR 264 (“CNA”), CJM and Lao
Holdings. The Applicants take from CNA and CJM that the pre-transfer costs
awarded were within the range of 18% to 25% of the actual pre-transfer costs
incurred, giving a range for this case of $15,568.65 to $21,623.13. They
submit that under the Costs Guidelines, the maximum pre-transfer costs would
be $16,288, a sum arrived at by taking the proportion of the actual pre-
transfer costs of $86,492.50 to the actual post-transfer costs of $125,940,
being 40.72%, and applying it to the $86,492.50. This, they argue, is within
the range for this case derived above, and accordingly should be adopted as
the amount which accords with the Costs Guidelines; or, as a fallback, if an
uplift were to be applied “to account for the complexities and unique
circumstances of OA 10”, the uplift should not take the amount beyond the top
of the range of $21,623.13.

10 A difficulty with the Respondent’s submissions is: an uplift from what? The
Costs Guidelines’ range of $13,000 to $40,000 is a daily tariff for the
complete proceedings, and there must be adjustment because the pre-transfer
costs are for only part of the proceedings. As was done in, for example, CNA
at [26]–[30] and Lao Holdings at [97]–[98], a suitable basis is the ratio
between pre-transfer costs and post-transfer costs, namely 40.72% as submitted
by the Applicants, giving a starting range of $5,293.60 to $16,288. An uplift
to $65,000 is a considerable departure from the guidance of the Costs
Guidelines, which the Respondent’s submissions mask. Nor is an uplift to that
extent supported by regard to CJM or Lao Holdings. In CJM, the starting point
was $12,000, with the actual pre-transfer costs of $92,500 being broadly
comparable to this case, and the uplift was to $25,000. In Lao Holdings, which
was a bigger and more complex case than this case, the pre-transfer costs of
$42,000 were fixed at just over half the upper end of the Costs Guidelines’
amount for the whole proceedings: the equivalent in this case would be in the
order of $17,000. It is not easy to find guidance in other cases, as the
circumstances vary greatly and true comparability is evasive: any merit in the
Respondent’s submissions comes rather from the reasons put forward for an
uplift, but from a figure within the starting range above-mentioned.

11 The Applicants’ submissions have a different difficulty. Their core is the
range of 18% to 25% of actual pre-transfer costs derived from the two cases.
But only two cases, in which the percentage of the actual pre-transfer costs
must depend on the particular circumstances, including the amount of the
actual pre-transfer costs (for example, in CNA, they were $266,127, and an
uplift would be constrained by their magnitude), scarcely warrant an across-
the-board percentage in other cases. It is necessary to look to the
circumstances of this case in considering occasion to depart from the Costs
Guidelines, but the Applicants’ submissions do not do so or respond to the
reasons put forward by the Respondent.

12 The pre-transfer work is described by the Respondent as including reviewing
the Applicants’ affidavits and expert report; reviewing the underlying
arbitration material on which the Applicants relied, the service history of
the Notices of Arbitration, the awards, and the corrections; sourcing and
instructing a suitable expert on the Hong Kong law issues; preparing the
Respondent’s responsive affidavits; and attendance at two Registrar’s case
conferences. The description, which is not challenged by the Applicants,
appears sound, and I accept it with the qualification that the Respondent’s
responsive affidavits of its CEO and Mr Tisdall were filed a month after the
transfer of the proceedings and (as the description of the post-transfer work
at [15] below shows) the preparation of the responsive affidavits would have
spanned the transfer.

13 I begin with a figure towards the upper end of the range of $5,293.60 to
$16,288. That there were two awards added a little to the absence of notice
ground, but the other grounds (whether four or really three) were common to
both awards, and the grounds were not unusual in applications of this kind.
The need for foreign law evidence was also a feature of the proceedings. But
these complexities, and the novel question concerning the effect of the
corrections, were more matters for the preparation for and conduct of the
hearing, and a great impact on the work prior to the transfer of the
proceedings is difficult to see. I accept that attention was needed for a
considerable volume of materials in the Applicants’ case and in the
Respondent’s case in reply, and that time would properly have been spent in
coming to terms with the Applicants’ materials and starting on the
Respondent’s materials prior to the transfer of the proceedings, and that this
is a feature contributing to an uplift. I do not think that the matters said
by the Respondent to have been unreasonable conduct of the application by the
Applicant, a description which I do not accept, went beyond the exigencies
commonly encountered in litigation. Having regard to all the Respondent’s
submissions, abandonment of the Costs Guidelines is not warranted, but a
moderate uplift is. The amount for the pre-transfer costs should be $22,000
(as it happens, but not as a standard, about 25% of the actual pre-transfer
costs).

Post-transfer costs

14 There is also substantial agreement on the basis for assessment of the
post-transfer costs. It is a subjective approach. The starting point is the
costs in fact incurred by the successful party, followed by an inquiry into
whether those actual costs are proportionate and reasonable (the touchstone in
O 22 r 3(1) of the SICC Rules): the policy of enhancing access to justice
underlying the use of the Costs Guidelines is less relevant, and in the SICC
“the principal underlying consideration is a commercial one of ensuring that a
successful litigant is not unfairly put out of pocket for sensibly prosecuting
his claim or defence” (Senda at [51]). Once the successful party has provided
appropriate evidence of its incurred costs, and information in support of the
claimed costs being reasonable, the unsuccessful party has the evidential
burden of showing that the claimed costs are not reasonable (Senda at [75]).

15 The post-transfer work is described by the Respondent as preparing the
Respondent’s responsive affidavit; preparation for and attendance at a Case
Management Conference (including various Case Management Bundle filings);
preparing the Respondent’s written submissions; reviewing the Applicants’
written submissions; and preparation for and attendance at the hearing. With
the reciprocal qualification concerning the preparation of the Respondent’s
affidavits, again, this appears a sound description. The actual post-transfer
costs incurred were $125,940. Hours and rates were provided.

16 The Respondent effectively repeats its earlier submissions in support of
the costs being reasonably incurred and reasonable in amount, with some
emphasis on the research needed on the question of the effect of the
corrections. I should say that I accept that a deal of time would have been
involved in this, and appropriately so – I found the submissions helpful.
Again, the Applicants’ reply submissions do not canvass these matters. It is
said that the assessment should not be limited exclusively to the facts and
circumstances of this case, but that reference should be made to comparable
cases for the guidance on an appropriate award of post-transfer costs. It is
then said that “because an argument can be made that [CJM] bears the closest
resemblance to OA 10, both in its features and in its complexity”, the post-
transfer costs should be assessed at the same amount as in that case, namely
$45,000.

17 There is really no challenge to whether the actual post-transfer costs were
proportionate and reasonable: the Applicants do not attempt to satisfy the
evidential burden of showing that they are not. While it can be relevant,
looking to the post-transfer costs awarded in a different case, and no more,
is at odds with the subjective approach to the assessment of costs under the
SICC regime. Looking to the post-transfer costs awarded in CJM is of little
moment when the actual post-transfer costs were $97,800 but the defendant
sought only $45,000; that was awarded, with the court describing it (at [15])
as “wholly reasonable”. I see no reason to reject the Respondent’s claim of
$115,000, reduced from the actual costs of $125,940, as disproportionate and
unreasonable post-transfer costs.

Conclusion

18 The Respondent’s costs are therefore $144,000 in total for costs, and
$7,709.38 and HKD151,978.26 for disbursements.

Roger Giles  
International Judge  
---  
  
Ang Cheng Ann Alfonso and James Ch’ng Chin Leong (A.Ang, Seah & Hoe) for the
applicants;

Chong Wan Yee Monica, Leau Jun Li and Foo Hsien Weng (WongPartnership LLP) for
the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

8 February 2024

Case Summary

DBX and another v DBZ [2024] SGHC(I) 5

SIC/OA 10/2023

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Roger
Giles IJ):

Outcome: The Singapore International Commercial Court awarded the respondent
$144,000 in total for costs, and $7,709.38 and HKD151,978.26 for
disbursements.

Background

1 The respondent commenced two arbitrations before the same sole arbitrator,
one against each of two applicants. The first applicant is an investment
holding company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, while the second
applicant is its sole director and beneficial shareholder. The respondent is a
company incorporated in Singapore, which carries on the business of brokering
stocks and futures. The tribunal issued awards dated 18 February 2023 in both
arbitrations. The tribunal subsequently issued corrections dated 19 March 2023
to both awards on its own initiative by way of email on 20 March 2023.

2 The applicants applied to the court to set aside both awards. On 15 November
2023, the court dismissed the applicants’ application to set aside the awards:
see DBX and another v DBZ [2023] SGHC(I) 18. The applicants were ordered to
pay the respondent’s costs, but the parties were unable to agree on the amount
of the costs. The respondent claimed: (a) costs of $187,000, made up of
$65,000 for pre-transfer costs, $115,000 for post- transfer costs and $7000
for preparation of the costs submissions; and (b) disbursements of $7709.38
and HKD151,978.26. The applicants submitted for: (a) $16,288 for pre-transfer
costs; and (b) $45,000 for post-transfer costs. The applicants did not contest
the amount of $7000 for preparation of the costs submissions nor the amounts
for disbursements.

3 When the proceedings were transferred to the Singapore International
Commercial Court (“the SICC”), the learned Deputy Registrar directed that the
costs regime under O 21 of the Rules of Court 2021 (“the ROC”) and Appendix G
to the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 (“the Costs Guidelines”) should
apply to the assessment of pre-transfer costs, and the costs regime under O 22
of the Singapore International Commercial Court Rules 2021 (“the SICC Rules”)
should apply to the assessment of post-transfer costs.

The court’s decision

1 The amount for the pre-transfer costs should be $22,000: at [13]. The
successful party is entitled to a reasonable amount in respect of all costs
reasonably incurred. Whether costs were reasonably incurred is assessed
objectively by considering whether the costs were incurred in a way
corresponding to the level of effort that is generally accepted as being
likely to be expended for the particular type of work in question; whether
costs are a reasonable amount is also assessed objectively by considering
whether the overall amount corresponds to the level of costs generally
accepted as being likely to be incurred for the particular type of dispute: at
[5]. In its assessment of pre-transfer costs, the court is guided by the
factors in O 21 r 2(2) of the ROC, and by costs precedents and the Costs
Guidelines: at [6]. While the indicative range in the Costs Guidelines
applicable to the present case is $13,000 to $40,000, the range is a daily
tariff for the complete proceedings and must be adjusted as the pre-transfer
costs are for only part of the proceedings. A suitable basis is the ratio
between actual pre-transfer costs and actual post-transfer costs, which is
40.72% in the present case, giving a starting range of $5,293.60 to $16,288:
at [10]. It is necessary to look to the circumstances of the present case in
considering occasion to depart from the Costs Guidelines, instead of applying
an across-the-board percentage to the actual pre-transfer costs based on costs
precedents: at [11]. While abandonment of the Costs Guidelines is not
warranted, a moderate uplift is, as attention and time were required for a
considerable volume of materials in the applicants’ case and in the
respondent’s case in reply: at [13].

2 The amount for the post-transfer costs should be $115,000: at [17]. The
starting point in the assessment of the post-transfer costs is the costs in
fact incurred by the successful party, followed by an inquiry into whether
those actual costs are proportionate and reasonable: at [14]. The applicants
did not challenge whether the actual post-transfer costs were proportionate
and reasonable. Simply looking to the post-transfer costs awarded in other
cases, without more, is at odds with the subjective approach to the assessment
of costs under the SICC regime. The respondent’s claim of $115,000, reduced
from the actual costs of $125,940, is neither disproportionate nor
unreasonable: at [17].

3 Therefore, the court awarded the respondent $144,000 in total for costs, and
$7,709.38 and HKD151,978.26 for disbursements: at [18].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Feb 2024 (14:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

