Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 18

Suit No 295 of 2020

Between

| Rajesh Harichandra Budhrani  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| INTL FCStone Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chandrawati Alie  
(3)| Song Oi Lan  
  
… Defendants

Counterclaim of the 1st Defendant

Between

| INTL FCStone Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

| Rajesh Harichandra Budhrani  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

judgment

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Exclusion clauses]

[Contract — Formation]

[Restitution — Duress]

[Restitution — Undue influence]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Fraud and deceit]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Negligent misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rajesh Harichandra Budhrani

  
v

  

INTL FCStone Pte Ltd and others

[2024] SGHC 18

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 295 of 2020  
See Kee Oon JAD  
23–25 May, 23–25 August 2023, 30 October 2023

24 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon JAD:

Introduction

1 The present claim and counterclaim arose from a margin call which was made
by the defendants on the plaintiff, Mr Rajesh Harichandra Budhrani (“Mr
Budhrani”) in March 2020, amidst a rapidly falling silver futures market. This
led to a series of events culminating in this action.

Undisputed facts

Parties to the dispute

2 Mr Budhrani was a client of UOB Bullion and Futures Limited (“UOBBF”) since
20 November 2007. He entered into a Bullion Margin Trading Agreement dated 20
November 2007 (“Margin Trading Agreement”) and a Client Agreement dated August
2016 (“Client Agreement”) with UOBBF in respect of margin trading in silver
futures (collectively, “the Agreements”). The Margin Trading Agreement
encompasses a Customer Agreement among other documents.

3 Mr Budhrani is an accredited investor. He is experienced in trading in
silver futures contracts (hereinafter referred to interchangeably as “silver”,
“lots” and “contracts”) since 2007. The Agreements with UOBBF were novated to
INTL FCStone Pte Ltd (“INTL FCStone”) on 7 October 2019. The events that gave
rise to this claim and counterclaim occurred before INTL FCStone changed its
name on 17 July 2020 to “StoneX Financial Pte Ltd”, by which it is now known.

4 INTL FCStone is a Singapore-incorporated company dealing in capital markets
products and exchange-traded derivatives contracts. Ms Chandrawati Alie (“Ms
Alie”) and Ms Song Oi Lan (“Ms Song”) were employees of INTL FCStone at all
material times. Both Ms Alie and Ms Song’s job scopes involved executing trade
orders for clients, including Mr Budhrani. At the material time, they reported
to Mr Lee Lian Tuck (“Mr Lee”), the Head of Listed Derivatives (Asia).

5 I refer to INTL FCStone, Ms Alie and Ms Song collectively as the
“defendants”.

Background to the dispute

6 The equity of a margin trading account refers to the amount of cash in the
said account and the market value of the open positions (ie, unsold
contracts), including any unrealised gains or losses on those positions. INTL
FCStone required clients to provide an amount of margin known as “initial
margin” to open a position (ie, obtain contract(s)). The ratio of equity to
the initial margin is known as the “margin ratio”. INTL FCStone also required
clients to keep a “maintenance margin” in order to hold on to their contracts,
which is lower than the required initial margin. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendants’ Written Closing Submissions (“WCS”) at para 11.

7 A client’s margin trading account may run into two types of deficits. First,
where the equity falls below the maintenance margin, a trading account is in a
“margin deficit”. Second, where the equity is negative, in other words, where
the realised and unrealised losses exceed the cash value in the account, a
trading account is in an “account deficit” or an “equity deficit”. This also
means that the owner of that trading account owes INTL FCStone a debt of that
quantum. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 12.

INTL FCStone’s policy allowed it to liquidate a client’s open positions and
require the client to pay the consequent shortfall to INTL FCStone when that
client’s margin ratio fell below 20%. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 13.

8 Each silver futures contract deals with 5,000 troy ounces of silver. It is
priced in United States dollars and cents per troy ounce. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 14.

9 Prior to 13 March 2020, Mr Budhrani held 88 lots of silver futures. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 5) (“SOC5”) at para 9.

In the early hours of 13 March 2020, Mr Budhrani was speaking to an employee
of INTL FCStone, one Mr Jeremy Goh, about a possible margin call. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Agreed Core Bundle of Documents Volume 3 (“3ACB”) at Tab 89.

A margin call is a call issued by INTL FCStone for collateral in the form of
cash or other property (clauses 1.25.1 and 1.25.11 of the Client Agreement).

10 On 14 March 2020, INTL FCStone sent Mr Budhrani two daily statements by
email indicating that there was a margin call for US$398,527.60. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Agreed Core Bundle of Documents Volume 4 (“4ACB”) at Tab 153 and Tab 154.

On 16 March 2020, INTL FCStone sent Mr Budhrani another email titled “… Margin
Call 13/03/2020 *DAY 1*”, which states as follows:

Your account has a margin call today for USD $ 398,527.60

Please arrange to send margin call payments to INTL FCSTONE PTE LTD, as per
our SSI provided. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

4ACB at Tab 156.

11 The reference to “SSI” is to INTL FCStone’s Standard Settlement
Instructions. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

4ACB at Tab 146 (pp 102 and 104–107).

Over the course of 16 March 2020, the price of silver fell significantly. Mr
Budhrani, Ms Alie and Ms Song had various phone conversations during which,
among other things, Mr Budhrani gave instructions to sell his contracts and
received updates when the said contracts were sold. A summary of the times at
which his contracts were sold is set out below:

Number of contracts| Approximate time of sale 10

##### Foot Note 10

× (Derived from the time of the commencement of the phone call during which the sale occurred.) | Abbreviations  
---|---|---  
20| 5.22pm| the “20 Contracts” | the “39 Contracts”| the “66 Contracts”  
9 | Between 5.22pm and 5.36pm| the “9 Contracts”  
10| 5.53pm| the “10 Contracts”  
27| 10.26pm| the “27 Contracts”  
  
12 On 16 March 2020 at 10.30pm, Mr Budhrani was informed by Ms Alie that the
last 27 of his 66 Contracts had been sold. She also informed him that he had a
deficit of US$277,000. Thereafter Mr Budhrani claimed that Ms Alie had advised
him, wrongly, that he could “break even … to get out without any deficit” and
that he was “forced” to sell all his 66 contracts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

4ACB at Tab 142 (p 85).

13 Mr Budhrani subsequently commenced this claim on 31 March 2020.

The parties’ cases

Mr Budhrani’s case

The margin call and the Oral Agreement

14 According to Mr Budhrani, the margin call was only made on 16 March 2020,
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Budhrani’s Reply to INTL FCStone and Ms Alie’s Defence and Defence to INTL
FCStone’s Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) (“RDCC3”) at para 54(cc); Mr
Budhrani’s Reply to Ms Song’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) (“R3”) at para 24.

rather than 14 March 2020, as the defendants claim. Mr Budhrani also claims
that the defendants breached an oral agreement by causing or procuring his
sale of the 66 Contracts by 16 March 2020: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC5 at paras 22A(d)–22A(e), 44(c).

he entered into the said oral agreement with INTL FCStone on 16 March 2020,
which provided that he could settle the margin call by 18 March 2020 (the
“Oral Agreement”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC5 at para 22A.

Mr Budhrani also says that he gave consideration for the Oral Agreement by
providing for funds to be paid. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC5 at paras 22A(a)–22A(b).

The 66 Contracts

15 Mr Budhrani claims that he gave instructions to the defendants to sell the
20 Contracts on 16 March 2020 at around 5.22pm as a result of the defendants’
undue influence, duress, misrepresentation and/or breach of their duty of
care.

(a) Mr Budhrani says that the defendants exercised actual undue influence over
him by unlawfully and illegitimately requiring him to immediately liquidate
his contracts by 16 March 2020. In particular, he highlights that the
defendants were aware that:

(i) he was in fear of defaulting on the Margin Trading Agreement and Client
Agreement and did not want to do so;

(ii) he did not want to, consequent upon such default, incur negative
consequences in relation to his other margin trading accounts with other
brokers;

(iii) he did not want to have a negative credit standing as a result of such
default; and

(iv) he did not want the defendants to liquidate these contracts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC5 at para 24.

As a consequence of this, he consented to the liquidation of the 20 Contracts.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC5 at paras 24(i) and 24(p).

(b) Mr Budhrani’s case is that the defendants exerted pressure over him, which
amounted to compulsion of his will, and that this pressure was illegitimate.
Accordingly, he was subject to duress. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC5 at para 24.

He consented to the liquidation of the 20 Contracts as a consequence. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC5 at paras 24(i), 24(p).

(The parties use the term “illegitimate pressure” to refer to both duress and
undue influence, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Eg, SOC5 at para 25; Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 67; Notes of Evidence (“NE”)
for 23 August 2023 at p 12 lines 12–14.

and I adopt that usage.)

(c) Mr Budhrani claims, “[f]urther or alternatively”, a conspiracy in that
“the [d]efendants each acting individually or in combination or in concert or
as a common enterprise exercised duress and/or in concert with [Mr Lee]
exercised undue influence over” him. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC5 at para 25.

(d) Mr Budhrani says that Ms Alie and Ms Song falsely represented that his
equity (see [112] below) was in deficit of US$127,000 and a sale of 16
contracts would remove the deficit (the “5.22pm Representations”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC5 at para 23A.

Instead, neither a sale of 16 nor 20 contracts would have “in any way made a
difference to the said deficit”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC5 at para 23C.

These representations were made fraudulently. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC5 at para 23D.

Mr Budhrani relied on these representations and gave instructions for the sale
of the 20 Contracts. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC5 at para 23B.

Consequently, he suffered loss and damage. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC5 at paras 23F and 44(d).

(e) Mr Budhrani also states that the defendants owed him a duty of care in
tort or as an implied term of their contractual relationship to, inter alia,
inform him of the true value of his losses, take reasonable care to satisfy
themselves of the accuracy of their representations and act as reasonably
competent and prudent brokers in making their representations. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC5 at paras 38–39.

The defendants negligently and/or grossly negligently breached these duties of
care. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC5 at paras 42.

As a result, Mr Budhrani suffered loss and damage. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC5 at para 42A.

16 Next, Mr Budhrani claims that the sale of the 9 Contracts at about 5.35pm
was a consequence of the defendants’ exercise of undue influence and/or duress
over him, and repeats [15(a)]–[15(c)] above. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC5 at para 24.

17 Mr Budhrani also says that the sale of the 10 Contracts on 16 March 2020 at
about 5.53pm was made pursuant to the defendants’ undue influence, duress or
misrepresentation:

(a) Mr Budhrani says that his instructions to sell the 20 Contracts were given
when he was subject to undue influence and/or duress, and repeats
[15(a)]–[15(c)] above. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC5 at para 24.

(b) Mr Budhrani claims that INTL FCStone and Ms Song falsely represented that
a sale of 37 contracts would result in his equity improving to positive
without bringing in additional funds to his account, and that a sale of the
said 37 contracts at the prevailing price of US$13.195 – US$13.20 would result
in his account having a balance of about US$60,000 (the “5.53pm
Representations”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC5 at para 23AA.

Instead, there would be a deficit of at least US$226,442 after such a sale. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC5 at para 23CC.

These representations were made fraudulently. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC5 at para 23DD.

Mr Budhrani was induced by these representations and instructed the defendants
to sell the 10 Contracts. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC5 at para 23BB.

Mr Budhrani consequently suffered loss and damage. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC5 at paras 23FF and 44(bb).

(c) Mr Budhrani also states that the defendants owed him specific duties of
care which they negligently or grossly negligently breached, and repeats
[15(e)] above.

18 Mr Budhrani’s case is that the sale of the 27 Contracts at around 10.26pm
was a result of the defendants’ exercise of undue influence and/or duress over
him, and/or their misrepresentation to him.

(a) Mr Budhrani says that his instructions to sell the 27 Contracts were given
when he was subject to undue influence and/or duress, and repeats
[15(a)]–[15(c)] above. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC5 at para 24.

(b) Mr Budhrani further claims that the defendants falsely represented,
“acting individually or in combination or in concert or as a common enterprise
and/or working with [Mr Lee]”, that his equity would not be in deficit if he
placed a limit order at US$13.25 (the “6.33pm Representation”) and he could
incur an estimated loss of US$40,000 or less if he placed a limit order at
US$13 (the “8.46pm Representation”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC5 at para 29.

The “true position” was that if Mr Budhrani sold the 27 Contracts at US$12.80,
US$13 or US$13.25, he would incur losses of US$278,222.60, US$251,222.60 and
US$217,472.60 respectively. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC5 at para 32.

These representations were made fraudulently. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC5 at para 35.

In reliance on them, Mr Budhrani consented to the defendants placing limit
orders, first, at US$13.25, then at US$13, and subsequently instructed the
defendants to place a final limit order at US$12.80. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC5 at para 30.

Mr Budhrani suffered loss and damage. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC5 at paras 37 and 45.

(c) Mr Budhrani also states that the defendants owed him specific duties of
care which they negligently or grossly negligently breached, and repeats
[15(e)] above.

The 18 March and US$80,000 Representations

19 Mr Budhrani further claims that the defendants, “each acting individually
or in combination or in concert or as a common enterprise”, falsely
represented that he had until 18 March 2020 (the “18 March Representation”) to
settle the margin call and that he could arrange a transfer of US$80,000 to
INTL FCStone (the “US$80,000 Representation”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC5 at paras 24(d) and 42B.

According to him, the true position was that the defendants encouraged him to
remit moneys to settle the margin call despite knowing that the Risk team of
INTL FCStone had no intention of allowing him to settle the margin call by 18
March 2020. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC5 at para 42D.

Mr Budhrani acted in reliance on the defendants’ fraudulent representation and
arranged payment of US$80,000 to INTL FCStone. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC5 at para 42C.

Mr Budhrani suffered loss and damage therefrom. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC5 at paras 42G, 44(g) and 44(h).

The defendants were in breach of the Agreements

20 Mr Budhrani further avers that the defendants breached the Agreements. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC5 at paras 22B and 44(a).

Specifically, he says that “pursuant to [the Agreements] it was agreed that
[INTL FCStone] would act as a broker for [him]. The essence of the agreement …
was an execution service only contract (‘Execution Only Contract’)”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOC5 at para 6.

He says that the parties made the Execution Only Contract, under which the
defendants had no right to interfere with Mr Budhrani’s decisions in respect
of the disposal and retention of his contracts. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC5 at para 6.

The defendants breached the Execution Only Contract by causing or procuring Mr
Budhrani to sell the 66 Contracts by 16 March 2020, notwithstanding that he
had until 18 March 2020 to settle the margin call. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC5 at paras 22B(a), 43A–43E.

21 Mr Budhrani pleads that, as the employer of Ms Alie and Ms Song, INTL
FCstone is vicariously liable for damage to him caused by Ms Alie and Ms
Song’s actions or omissions, carried out in the course of their employment. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC5 at para 47.

22 Mr Budhrani also avers that there was no default on his part such that INTL
FCStone was entitled to liquidate the contracts in his account. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RDCC3 at paras 12A and 62; R3 at paras 12A and 63.

He contends that the 6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations were not ad hoc and
informal projections but were instead statements of fact intended to induce
him to act. If they are regarded as opinion, they were falsely represented as
being based on facts. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

RDCC3 at para 57(i); R3 at para 59(p).

He also denies that he knew or ought to have known the quality of the
information. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RDCC3 at para 57(h); R3 at para 59(o).

The defendants’ case

The margin call and the Oral Agreement

23 The defendants maintain that the margin call was properly issued to Mr
Budhrani via email on 14 March 2020. They deny that any oral agreement was
formed on or about 16 March 2020 between Mr Budhrani and INTL FCStone. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

INTL FCStone and Ms Alie’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 6) (“DCC6”)
at para 102A(a); Ms Song’s Defence (Amendment No. 4) (“D4”) at para 104A(a).

Mr Budhrani did not provide any consideration for any agreement. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCC6 at para 102A(a); D4 at para 104A(a).

24 The defendants point out that clause 5 of the Customer Agreement and
clauses 1.46.1 and 1.46.2 of the Client Agreement provide that these
agreements cannot be varied or waived save in writing. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCC6 at paras 89F and 102A(b); D4 at paras 91F and 104A(b).

Furthermore, the officers whom Mr Budhrani spoke to on 12 and 13 March 2020
did not have, or hold themselves out to have, authority to bind INTL FCStone
to contracts. INTL FCStone also did not hold them out as having any such
authority, nor the authority to communicate that it entered into any
contracts. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCC6 at para 102A(c); D4 at para 104A(c).

The defendants deny that INTL FCStone breached its obligations under the Oral
Agreement by deciding that Mr Budhrani was to settle the margin call as soon
as possible. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DCC6 at para 103(j); D4 at para 105(j); SOC5 at para 24(j).

They also deny that their demand for the liquidation of the contracts and/or
satisfaction of the Margin Call by 16 March 2020 breached the aforesaid
obligations. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCC6 at para 103(k); D4 at para 105(k); SOC5 at para 24(k).

The 66 Contracts

25 In relation to all 66 Contracts, the defendants deny subjecting Mr Budhrani
to duress or undue influence, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCC6 at paras 103, 103A and 113K; D4 at paras 105, 105A and 114K.

for the following reasons:

(a) Mr Budhrani was an experienced investor and an accredited investor. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCC6 at para 103(b); D4 at para 105(b).

(b) According to the Margin Trading Agreement and the Client Agreement, Mr
Budhrani represented, warranted and undertook that any orders placed with INTL
FCStone and any dealings in relation to his account were solely and
exclusively based on his own judgment after his independent appraisal and
investigation into the associated risks. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCC6 at para 103(c); D4 at para 105(c).

(c) INTL FCstone had acted in exercise of its rights under the Margin Trading
Agreement and the Client Agreement which cannot be regarded as improper
pressure or undue influence upon Mr Budhrani. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCC6 at para 103(d); D4 at para 105(d).

(d) Mr Budhrani had been informed that he had to liquidate his contracts
because his equity had fallen below 20% of the initial margin (the “20%
Policy”), and he accordingly sold his contracts of his own volition, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCC6 at para 103(e); D4 at para 105(e).

making his own decisions as to the number of contracts to sell and the price
to sell them at. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCC6 at para 103(f); D4 at para 105(f).

The defendants deny informing Mr Budhrani that he had to liquidate the 66
Contracts by 16 March 2020 and thereby exercising duress and/or undue
influence over Mr Budhrani. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCC6 at para 103(i); D4 at para 105(i).

26 The defendants deny that they and/or Mr Lee made any misrepresentation to
Mr Budhrani to cause him to sell the 66 Contracts. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCC6 at para 113K; D4 at para 114K.

27 The defendants also deny that they owed Mr Budhrani any duty to act with a
degree of skill, care and diligence to be expected of reasonably competent and
prudent brokers to, inter alia, satisfy themselves as to the accuracy of the
5.22pm, 5.53pm, 6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCC6 at para 112; D4 at para 113.

28 The defendants deny that the 5.22pm, 5.53pm, 6.33pm and 8.46pm
Representations were negligent or grossly negligent, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCC6 at para 112; D4 at para 113.

or that they were false or wrong. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCC6 at para 112; D4 at para 113.

The defendants further deny that they knew or ought to have known that Mr
Budhrani would be induced by and would rely on the 5.22pm, 5.53pm, 6.33pm and
8.46pm Representations, and they deny that Mr Budhrani did in fact rely on the
said representations. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCC6 at para 112; D4 at para 113.

29 Specifically, in respect of the 20 Contracts, the defendants deny that the
5.22pm Representations were misrepresentations. On their case, Ms Alie made
the 5.22pm Representations having taken into account the funds that Mr
Budhrani had said he would bring in to address the shortfall in the margin
required to hold his contracts. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCC6 at para 102C.

The defendants deny that the 5.22pm Representations were false, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCC6 at para 102E.

that they were made fraudulently, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCC6 at para 102F.

and that Mr Budhrani acted in reliance on them. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCC6 at para 102D.

Further, Mr Budhrani did not rely and/or is estopped from claiming that he
relied on the 5.22pm Representations, because, inter alia, he had:

(a) represented and warranted that he had not wanted financial advice from
INTL FCStone and would reject any and all offers for such advice and was
solely responsible for determining the merits of each transaction he instructs
INTL FCStone to execute (clause 1.22 of the Client Agreement);

(b) represented, warranted and undertook that every order placed was based
solely on his own judgment (clause 1.34 of the Client Agreement); and

(c) agreed that INTL FCStone assumed no responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any trading and investment information provided to him (clause
29 of the Customer Agreement; clause 1.30.2 of the Client Agreement). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCC6 at para 102H.

The defendants also deny that Mr Budhrani suffered loss and damage as a
consequence. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCC6 at para 102I.

30 As for the 10 Contracts, the defendants also deny that the 5.53pm
Representations were misrepresentations. Ms Song told Mr Budhrani that if he
brought in funds to address the initial margin requirement for 37 contracts,
he would have a positive balance of around US$60,000, after taking into
account that his equity was negative US$226,442. Mr Budhrani therefore knew or
ought to have known that the 5.53pm Representations were made on the basis
that he would bring in funds to cover the initial margin requirement of
“[US$]290,000 plus”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCC6 at para 102J; D4 at para 104D.

The defendants deny that the 5.53pm Representations were false, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCC6 at para 102L; D4 at para 104F.

that they were made fraudulently, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCC6 at para 102M; D4 at para 104G.

and that Mr Budhrani acted in reliance on them. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCC6 at para 102K; D4 at para 104E.

They say that Mr Budhrani did not rely and/or was estopped from relying on
them for the reasons explained above at [29]. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCC6 at para 102O; D4 at para 104I.

The defendants also deny that Mr Budhrani suffered loss and damage as a
consequence. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCC6 at para 102P; D4 at para 104J.

31 Next, in relation to the 27 Contracts, the defendants deny making the
6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations to induce Mr Budhrani to dispose of the 27
Contracts. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCC6 at para 106; D4 at para 108.

Instead they say that Mr Budhrani represented to the defendants over telephone
conversations and emails that he would bring funds into his account to address
the shortfall in margin required to hold his contracts. When Ms Song made the
6.33pm Representation and Ms Alie made the 8.46pm Representation, they had
taken into account the funds that Mr Budhrani said he would bring into the
account to address the margin shortfall. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCC6 at para 106(e); D4 at para 108(e).

The 6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations were not false, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCC6 at para 109; D4 at para 110.

nor were they made fraudulently or recklessly. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCC6 at para 111; D4 at para 112.

The defendants say that Mr Budhrani knew or ought to have known that the
6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations were made on that basis. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCC6 at para 106(e); D4 at para 108(e).

They also say that Mr Budhrani was aware that any information provided was
subject to quickly-changing market prices. Thus he knew or ought to have known
that the 6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations were no more than ad hoc and
informal projections or opinions, not representations of fact, which were not
intended to be relied on. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCC6 at para 106(h); D4 at para 108(h).

They plead that Mr Budhrani did not rely and/or is estopped from claiming that
he relied on the 6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCC6 at paras 106(f)–106(g); D4 at paras 108(f)–106(g).

In this regard, Ms Song points further to clauses 1.22, 1.30.2 and 1.34 of the
Client Agreement, and clauses 22, 29 and 32 of the Customer Agreement. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

D4 at para 108(f).

Mr Budhrani did not thereby suffer any loss or damage. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCC6 at para 106(i); D4 at para 108(i).

The 18 March and US$80,000 Representations

32 The defendants deny that they made the 18 March and US$80,000
Representations individually or in combination or in concert or as a common
enterprise. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCC6 at para 113B; D4 at para 114B.

They dispute Mr Budhrani’s claims that the aforementioned representations were
false, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

DCC6 at para 113D; D4 at para 114D.

were made fraudulently, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCC6 at para 113E; D4 at para 114E.

that Mr Budhrani arranged payment of US$80,000 to INTL FCStone in reliance on
the truth of these representations, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCC6 at para 113C; D4 at para 114C.

and that he consequently suffered loss and damage. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCC6 at para 113E; D4 at para 114E.

The Agreements were not breached

33 The defendants deny that they acted in breach of an Execution Only
Contract. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCC6 at paras 102AA and 113G; D4 at paras 104AA and 114G.

INTL FCStone acted as broker in a strictly non-advisory capacity and the
services rendered to Mr Budhrani were execution-only services without the
provision of any advice. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCC6 at paras 10, 102AA and 113F; D4 at paras 10, 104AA and 114F.

They point out that the Agreements obliged Mr Budhrani to provide additional
margin as they required in their absolute discretion within one business day
of being informed of a margin call or a margin deficit. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCC6 at paras 37, 89 and 102AA(a); D4 at paras 37, 91 and 104AA(a).

INTL FCStone was prepared to give Mr Budhrani up to three business days to
provide the requested funds before taking any steps to liquidate or square off
his contracts, provided that his equity did not fall below 20% of his initial
margin. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCC6 at paras 89 and 102AA(a); D4 at paras 91 and 104AA(a).

INTL FCStone was entitled to take all necessary steps to protect its financial
interests before the deadline given to Mr Budhrani to meet the margin call
(clause 1.6.1(b) of the Client Agreement) and sell or buy any or all
securities or commodities outstanding in Mr Budhrani’s account (clause 10 of
the Customer Agreement). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCC6 at paras 89C, 89D and 102AA(a); D4 at paras 91C, 91D and 104AA(a).

34 The defendants deny causing or procuring Mr Budhrani’s liquidation of the
66 Contracts by 16 March 2020. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCC6 at para 102AA(a); D4 at para 104AA(a).

They disagree that INTL FCStone is vicariously liable for the alleged acts or
omissions by Ms Alie and Ms Song stated above. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCC6 at para 119; D4 at para 119.

INTL FCStone’s Counterclaim

35 INTL FCStone counterclaims for loss and damages of US$198,222.60, and
interest thereon, arising from Mr Budhrani’s breach of the Agreements. Mr
Budhrani denies any liability for this counterclaim.

Issues to be determined

36 As a preliminary issue, I consider if the parties are bound by the
Agreements and whether the defendants are precluded from relying on them.
Next, I address the issue of when the margin call was made, before I turn to
the two claims concerning the margin call to examine:

(a) whether the parties are bound by the Oral Agreement, which purportedly
provides that Mr Budhrani could settle the margin call by 18 March 2020; and

(b) whether the defendants misrepresented to Mr Budhrani that he had until 18
March 2020 to settle the margin call and that he could arrange a transfer of
US$80,000 to INTL FCStone.

37 Since Mr Budhrani’s case in relation to undue influence and duress rests on
his assertion that the defendants acted in contravention of the Execution Only
Contract, I go on to consider whether the defendants breached the Execution
Only Contract provided for under the Agreements.

38 I turn then to Mr Budhrani’s claims in relation to the 66 Contracts, which
requires me to determine:

(a) whether he was in default in settling the margin call and, if so, what
INTL FCStone was consequently entitled to do in relation to his account;

(b) whether the defendants exercised undue influence and/or duress resulting
in the liquidation of the 66 Contracts by 16 March 2020;

(c) whether the defendants made misrepresentations by way of the 5.22pm
Representations which induced him to liquidate the 20 Contracts;

(d) whether the defendants made misrepresentations by way of the 5.53pm
Representations which induced him to liquidate the 10 Contracts;

(e) whether the defendants made misrepresentations by way of the 6.33pm and
8.46pm Representations which induced him to liquidate the 27 Contracts; and

(f) whether the defendants owed him a duty of care and/or breached their duty
to, inter alia, inform him of the true value of his losses, take reasonable
care to satisfy themselves of the accuracy of their representations and act as
reasonably competent brokers in making their representations, as concerns the
20 Contracts, the 10 Contracts and the 27 Contracts.

39 Finally, I consider INTL FCStone’s counterclaim.

Whether the defendants are precluded from relying on the Agreements

40 Mr Budhrani objects to the defendants’ reliance on the Agreements. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

RDCC3 at para 9; R3 at para 9.

I am unpersuaded by Mr Budhrani’s arguments in this regard.

41 First, Mr Budhrani says that as there was a past course of dealing where he
was never required to fully liquidate his contracts to settle margin calls,
the defendants cannot rely on the Agreements. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

RDCC3 at para 9(a); R3 at para 9(a).

But he does not offer any explanation as to why a past course of dealing
should necessarily mean that the defendants cannot rely on the Agreements. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See also Defendants’ WCS at para 79.

More importantly, he did not prove that there was such a course of dealing
apart from making a bare assertion. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 78.

It is not disputed that the Agreements were validly made between the parties.

42 Second, he points to the Oral Agreement. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

RDCC3 at para 9(e); R3 at para 9(f).

Given my finding at [63] below that the Oral Agreement was not made, this
argument fails.

43 Third, Mr Budhrani claims that the defendants cannot rely on the Agreements
because of the improper pressure, undue influence, fraud and/or breaches of
duty they perpetrated. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

RDCC3 at para 9(b); R3 at para 9(b).

It is not clear what principle(s) of law he relies on for this proposition. In
any case, as I go on to find below, there was no undue influence, duress,
fraud or breach of duty on the defendants’ part. I therefore dismiss this
argument. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See also Defendants’ Written Reply Closing Submissions (“WRCS”) at para 104.

44 Fourth, Mr Budhrani claims that the Agreements are not reasonable in the
context of an individual customer entering into an agreement with a financial
institution. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

RDCC3 at para 9(c); R3 at paras 9(c).

He also says that the defendants cannot rely on them as they are subject to
the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (the “UCTA”). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

RDCC3 at para 9(c); R3 at paras 9(c); Mr Budhrani’s Further and Better
Particulars (Amendment No. 1) in respect of the 1st and 2nd defendants dated
25 May 2022 (“F&BP dated 25 May 2022”); Mr Budhrani’s Further and Better
Particulars (Amendment No. 1) in respect of the 3rd defendant dated 25 May
2022.

He provides no explanation for how the UCTA operates to preclude the
defendants’ reliance on the entirety of the Agreements. I deal with his case
on specific clauses below:

(a) Clause 1.30.2(e) of the Client Agreement reads:

1.30.2 The Customer fully understands:

…

(e) that [INTL FCStone] assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any information provided. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 34).

As none of my findings turn on the defendants’ reliance on this clause, it is
not necessary for me to make a finding whether the defendants are precluded
from such reliance. Nonetheless, in view of my finding that the defendants
were neither negligent nor in breach of any contract, Mr Budhrani’s reliance
on ss 2(2) and 3(2)(a) of the UCTA 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

F&BP dated 25 May 2022 at para (a).

is groundless. His reliance on ss 3(2)(b)(i) and 3(2)(b)(ii) of the UCTA 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

F&BP dated 25 May 2022 at para (a).

also does not assist him as the defendants do not claim to be entitled to
render performance different from what was reasonably expected of them or to
render no performance at all. I note that Mr Budhrani makes no such assertion
either. Instead, he says that the defendants acted contrary to ss 3(2)(b)(i)
and 3(2)(b)(ii) of the UCTA by “assum[ing] no responsibility”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

F&BP dated 25 May 2022 at paras (a)(ii) and (a)(iv); Defendants’ WCS at para
59.

Finally, I also note that Mr Budhrani does not challenge the evidence given by
the defendants’ expert, Mr Tsvetan Nikolaev Beloreshki (“Mr Beloreshki”) that
such a clause was consistent with industry practice. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Mr Beloreshki’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at pp 7–9; Defendants’
WCS at paras 36, 61 and 62.

(b) Clause 1.34.1(f) of the Client Agreement reads:

1.34.1 The Customer represents, warrants and undertakes that:

…

(f) any Orders placed or any other dealings in the Account(s) is solely and
exclusively based on its own judgment and after its own independent appraisal
and investigation into the risks associated with such Orders or dealings … 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (pp 35–36).

As I find that the defendants were not negligent or in breach of any contract
both (a) generally; and (b) specifically in the one instance where this clause
was relevant (at [120] below), Mr Budhrani’s reliance on s 3(2)(a) of the UCTA
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

F&BP dated 25 May 2022 at para (c).

does not take him very far. In any case, preliminarily, I agree with the
defendants’ submission that this was not a clause excluding or restricting
liability but rather one which defined the scope of the parties’ respective
legal obligations. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 58.

Mr Budhrani also does not challenge Mr Beloreshki’s evidence that such a
clause was consistent with industry practice. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mr Beloreshki’s AEIC at pp 7–9; Defendants’ WCS at paras 36, 61 and 62.

(c) Clause 29(v) of the Customer Agreement reads:

29\. The Customer fully understands:-

…

v) that [INTL FCStone] assume[s] no responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any information provided. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Agreed Core Bundle of Documents Volume 2 (“2ACB”) at Tab 1 (p 15).

This is the only clause which Mr Budhrani addressed in his written closing
submissions. Even then, all he did was merely assert that it was not a
reasonable clause. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 147.

This submission does not at all explain why reliance on this clause is
precluded by the UCTA. Once again, none of my findings herein turn on the
defendants’ reliance on clause 29(v) of the Customer Agreement. I find that
the defendants were neither negligent nor in breach of their contractual
obligations, so Mr Budhrani’s reliance on ss 2(2) and 3(2)(a) of the UCTA 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

F&BP dated 25 May 2022 at para (b).

does not help his case.

Curiously, in his written reply closing submissions, Mr Budhrani later changes
tack and argues that the “UCTA does not even come into play”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 62; Defendants’ WRCS at para 94.

He says that the UCTA does not apply since the “substance of the contract
between the parties involves the giving of ‘pricing information’” and “[t]here
can be no exclusion clause … if such a clause removes the essence of the
contract”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at paras 62, 64 and 77.

He does not explain why giving of such “pricing information” forms the
“essence of the contract”, nor why this should inexorably render a clause
inapplicable. The argument appears to be premised on Mr Budhrani’s subjective
understanding of the remit of the Execution Only Contract. However, as I
explain at [76]–[80] below, there was no Execution Only Contract. There is
therefore no basis for this argument.

45 Fifth, Mr Budhrani submits that the defendants cannot rely on the
Agreements because they are not applicable to the claims. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

RDCC3 at para 9(d); R3 at para 9(d).

He does not explain why inapplicability to the facts should preclude the
defendants’ reliance on the Agreements generally, and I also reject this
submission.

46 Finally, he pleads that Ms Song cannot rely on the Agreements because of
clause 1.22.3(b) of the Client Agreement. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

R3 at paras 9(e); Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 146.

It reads:

any such advice, representations, trading suggestions or recommendations if
made or purported to be made [by its Officers or representatives] on behalf of
[INTL FCStone] must therefore be regarded as having been made in the personal
capacity of such person giving the same … 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 23).

Mr Budhrani does not however adequately explain why he makes this argument. In
his written closing submissions, he appears to suggest that clause 1.22.3(c)
does not apply because the defendants say they did not give any advice, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 146.

but applicability is different from the question of reliance, and his
submission deals with a wholly different clause from clause 1.22.3(b) of the
Client Agreement. In my view, this clause does not operate to preclude Ms
Song’s reliance on the Agreements.

Whether the margin call was only issued on 16 March 2020

47 Mr Budhrani pleads that the margin call was not issued on 14 March 2020 but
on 16 March 2020, for two reasons. First, he claims that no margin call could
be made on a Saturday. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

SOC5 at para 11A.

He gives no reasons for or evidence in support of this assertion. Even if we
accept that Saturday is not considered a business day, this does not
necessarily mean that it must also be assumed that margin calls cannot be made
on a Saturday. Second, Mr Budhrani says that the email dated 14 March 2020
attaching the daily statement dated 13 March 2020 (the “13 March DS”) was only
received by him on the next business day (ie, 16 March 2020). 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

SOC5 at para 17.

Again, he has adduced no evidence in support of this statement. It is not
clear why this was the case, given that there is no apparent dispute that the
email was dated and sent on 14 March 2020 or that an email notification would
suffice to constitute notice of a margin call. He also states that the
defendants and Mr Lee admitted that the margin call was issued on 16 March
2020, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 68.

but the cited testimony 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at n(n) 106; Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 41.

was given only by Mr Lee and says nothing of the date the margin call was
made.

48 Mr Budhrani submits that the 13 March DS was not a margin call but just an
“update on the financial information”, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 46.

and relies on Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG [2011] 1 SLR 800 (“Lam Chi
Kin David”) to submit that a margin call had to take the form of a letter
intended to be a margin call, rather than a notification. But this contradicts
his own pleaded case that the email attaching the 13 March DS was a margin
call, albeit that he only purportedly received it on the next business day,
ie, 16 March 2020.

49 In any case, Lam Chi Kin David does not assist Mr Budhrani. The court there
did not say that notifications were generally insufficient to constitute a
margin call, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 48.

instead, it found that the two letters in contention there were notifications
of the appellant’s collateral availability and the shortfall in his account,
and were only for discussion purposes (Lam Chi Kin David at [20]). The court
found another letter to be “a margin call as it was expressed to be so” and
was an express notice to the appellant to either provide additional security
or reduce his exposure (Lam Chi Kin David at [21]). The facts in our present
case may be distinguished because clause 1.25.11 of the Client Agreement
provides that a margin call can be made in any form in INTL FCStone’s sole
discretion: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 29); Defendants’ WCS at para 68.

1.25.11 The Customer acknowledges that [INTL FCStone] may make a call for
Margins (referred to as “Margin Call” for the purposes of this Clause 1.25) on
the Customer in respect of the Margin Account orally or in writing or in such
other manner as [INTL FCStone] may in its sole discretion deem appropriate. …

In contrast, no similar clause was operative in Lam Chi Kin David.
Furthermore, the 13 March DS states “MARGIN CALL 398,527.60DR”, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

4ACB at Tab 153 (p 144). See also 4ACB at Tab 154.

which explicitly indicates that there was a margin call, and it is unclear if
that was similarly the case in Lam Chi Kin David. I also note that the 13
March DS is, per clause 1.29.2 of the Client Agreement, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 34).

deemed to be conclusive and binding against Mr Budhrani unless he makes any
objection known within five business days of despatch of the statement. The 13
March DS is thus unlikely to have only been for discussion purposes. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 32.

50 I therefore agree with the defendants that the 13 March DS sent to Mr
Budhrani via email on 14 March 2020 constituted the margin call. He was thus
obliged to meet the margin call by the next business day, ie, 16 March 2020.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCC6 at para 45; Defendants’ WCS at paras 16 and 67.

Whether the parties are bound by the Oral Agreement for Mr Budhrani to settle
the margin call by 18 March 2020

51 To briefly recapitulate, Mr Budhrani’s case is that the margin call was
made on 16 March 2020. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

RDCC3 at para 54(cc); R3 at para 24.

By entering into the Oral Agreement with INTL FCStone on or about 16 March
2020, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

SOC5 at paras 5B, 11–12 and 22A.

he was granted an extension to 18 March 2020 to settle the margin call. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

RDCC3 at paras 50N and 55A; R3 at paras 52N and 57A.

52 The defendants however deny that any oral agreement was formed on or about
16 March 2020 between Mr Budhrani and INTL FCStone.

There was no Oral Agreement between the parties

53 In my view, Mr Budhrani and INTL FCStone did not make the Oral Agreement.

54 First, Mr Budhrani has adduced no evidence of the formation of the Oral
Agreement. Mr Budhrani says that the Oral Agreement was reached on or about 16
March 2020. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

SOC5 at para 22A.

He does not plead the particulars of how this Oral Agreement was reached. In
other words, he does not identify how his purported offer of the Oral
Agreement was made and accepted by INTL FCStone. His Closing Submissions do
not assist in this regard, as they focus instead on pointing out evidence
which shows that the Oral Agreement exists, rather than evidence of its
formation. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 40 and 42.

Mr Budhrani puts forward four pieces of evidence which purportedly show that
the Oral Agreement was made. I disagree that any of them prove his assertion.

(a) He points out Mr Lee’s agreement that Ms Song “communicated to [him] that
… [Mr Budhrani] was to be given until Wednesday to pay … [a]nd that [Ms Song]
had agreed to that”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 41.

But this is hearsay evidence and, in any case, does not say anything as to
whether and how INTL FCStone entered the Oral Agreement with Mr Budhrani.

(b) Mr Budhrani highlights that Ms Song agreed with Mr Budhrani when he said
that he “[had] T+3 … to pay”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 52.

In this regard, “T+3” refers to Mr Budhrani’s entitlement to three days to
satisfy the margin call. However, the transcript of that conversation shows
that Ms Song’s response was: “Yes, yes, but… Yes, that’s right but if… Can you
mail it like, today? Fund in today. If you want to resolve the margin call
then you’re supposed to fund in today.” [emphasis added]. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

3ACB at Tab 112 (p 255).

This does not prove that the parties made or were bound by the Oral Agreement.

(c) Mr Budhrani points out that Ms Song agreed at trial that Mr Budhrani had
three days, until 18 March 2020, to satisfy the margin call. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 52.

Presumably this refers to Ms Song’s agreement that she told Mr Budhrani that
“as long as the money is on Wednesday, I think that will be fine.” 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

3ACB at Tab 121 (p 287); NE for 25 August 2023 at p 12 line 23 – p 13 line 5.

However, this does not show that the parties made the Oral Agreement, and
could similarly support the defendants’ position that INTL FCStone had granted
Mr Budhrani an indulgence instead. It also does not show that INTL FCStone
entered the Oral Agreement.

(d) Ms Song’s statements to Mr Budhrani on 13 March 2020 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 53; 3ACB at Tab 93.

are unhelpful for the same reasons stated above. Furthermore, those statements
pre-date 16 March 2020, the date Mr Budhrani pleads the Oral Agreement was
made.

55 In the absence of any cogent evidence demonstrating that the Oral Agreement
was formed, I do not accept Mr Budhrani’s assertion that the parties entered
into the Oral Agreement. It is therefore not strictly necessary for me to
consider if Mr Budhrani gave consideration for the Oral Agreement. In any
case, I am persuaded by the defendants’ submission that no consideration was
provided. By arranging for funds to be paid, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 41; SOC5 at para 22A(b).

Mr Budhrani was simply doing what he was already contractually required to do
under the Agreements, namely to bring in funds to meet the margin call. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 88. See also Defendants’ WRCS at para 50.

I disregard Mr Budhrani’s further contention that he provided consideration in
the form of “buffer” funds over and above the amount of the margin call 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 41.

as this was not his pleaded case. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

SOC5 at para 22A.

56 Second, Mr Budhrani has also not explained how the Oral Agreement is not
precluded by the terms of the Client Agreement. The defendants say that no
Oral Agreement can arise as it would be inconsistent with the Customer
Agreement and the Client Agreement. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 7(a) and 86.

Mr Budhrani was obligated to furnish additional margin within one business day
of being informed of a margin call or a margin deficit (clause 1.25.4 of the
Client Agreement), 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

DCC6 at paras 45, 88 and 101(a).

and this obligation cannot be varied or waived save in writing. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DCC6 at paras 89F and 102A(b).

However, the defendants do not explain how clause 5 of the Customer Agreement
applies to the terms of the Client Agreement, and instead appear to state
explicitly that it applies to “provision[s] of the Customer Agreement”
[emphasis added]. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DCC6 at para 89F.

Since Mr Budhrani claims that the Oral Agreement was “made”, I do not think
clause 1.46.1 of the Client Agreement is relevant, since it applies to a
waiver by way of “failure to exercise of enforce [and] delay in exercising or
enforcing on the part of [INTL FCStone] of any right, power or privilege”. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 40).

I agree, however, that clause 1.46.2 of the Client Agreement provides that the
terms therein cannot be waived “[u]nless … expressly agreed in writing by
[INTL FCStone]”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 41).

This is supported by Mr Lee’s evidence that employees of INTL FCStone did not
have authority to make the Oral Agreement with Mr Budhrani and thereby bind
INTL FCStone to the said agreement. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 87.

Although Mr Budhrani submits that “all acts carried out by [Ms Songwere]
authorised”, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 41.

the cited testimony concerned authority to provide pricing information to
clients, not employees’ authority to commit INTL FCStone to enter into binding
contracts. Turning back to clause 1.46.2 of the Client Agreement, Mr Budhrani
does not address this difficulty with his case. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 71.

I also note that, although he does not make the following argument
specifically, to the extent that he objects to the defendants’ reliance on the
Client Agreement, his reasons for this objection include the Oral Agreement
(at [42] above). Hence, such an argument would be circular. I find, therefore,
that the Oral Agreement did not arise because it is excluded by the terms of
the Client Agreement in force between the parties.

57 Third, Mr Budhrani relies on various other pieces of evidence to prove the
existence of the Oral Agreement. I do not find them compelling.

58 In order to prove that Mr Budhrani and INTL FCStone entered the Oral
Agreement, Mr Budhrani points out that Mr Lee’s testimony “shows that at the
very least there was [the Oral Agreement]”. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 42.

But the cited part of Mr Lee’s testimony (namely, NE for 25 May 2023 at p 82
line 25 to p 83 line 3) shows Mr Budhrani’s counsel querying “[s]o in the
present case, if the T3 applied, right, T1 commences on Monday, 16 March. Do
you agree or disagree?” [emphasis added] and Mr Lee agreeing with the
statement. “T3” is an abbreviation of “T+3”, which refers to Mr Budhrani’s
entitlement to three days to satisfy the margin call as noted earlier at
[54(b)]. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 9 lines 1–6.

Evidently, this does not at all show that the parties came to a binding
agreement for Mr Budhrani to have three days to settle the margin call. It was
merely posed as a hypothetical assumption which Mr Lee was invited to adopt
for the purposes of answering that question. I also note that Mr Lee
thereafter agreed with counsel that Mr Budhrani would have three days or until
18 March 2020 to settle the margin call, only if there was no 20% Policy in
place. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE for 25 May 2023 at p 83 lines 12–18.

This again does not show that the Oral Agreement was made.

59 Mr Budhrani also relies on another part of Mr Lee’s testimony, concerning
the date on which the margin call was made, to prove that the Oral Agreement
existed. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 46.

But closer scrutiny of this reference to Mr Lee’s testimony reveals that it
says nothing of the existence of the Oral Agreement. Instead, it deals with,
first, the purpose of daily statements and, second, whether two emails dated
14 March 2020 constituted notification of a margin call. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE for 25 May 2023 at p 42 line 22 – p 46 line 20.

60 Mr Budhrani also points out that Mr Lee agreed that Mr Budhrani had until
18 March 2020 to settle the margin call and therefore the parties were bound
by the Oral Agreement. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 47.

However, the two sections of Mr Lee’s testimony which he relies on do not say
anything about whether the parties agreed to or were bound by the Oral
Agreement. The first quoted section, concerning what Ms Song purportedly
agreed to, 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 47; NE for 25 May 2023 at p 68 lines 10–15.

is dealt with at [54(a)] above. The second quoted section 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 47; NE for 25 May 2023 at p 82 line 11 – p 83 line
6.

deals with how INTL FCStone discerns the first day of a margin call and when
the countdown of a given number of days to settle a margin call begins.

61 Mr Budhrani also appears to rely on (a) his intention to retain his
contracts; (b) the fact that he informed the defendants that he was arranging
to transfer funds to his account; and (c) his arranging remittances of
US$80,000 and $943,000, to prove the existence of the Oral Agreement. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 42–45.

But even taking them into account as a whole, these points do not positively
show that the Oral Agreement was already formed and in force as a binding
agreement between the parties. At best, they demonstrate Mr Budhrani’s
intention to retain his contracts and the subsequent steps he took. Evidently,
he lacked sufficient accessible funds and had to arrange for fund transfers
from overseas accounts, 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Eg, 4ACB at Tab 132 (p 44) and Tab 134 (p 57); Mr Budhrani’s AEIC at p 699.

and also seek assistance from his father. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Eg, NE for 24 May 2023 at p 52 line 19 – p 53 line 22.

All this was too late and to no avail amidst the market turmoil. He could not
do so in time by 16 March 2020, given the complications arising from these
funds not being transferred directly from any of his personal accounts.

62 Fourth, the defendants argue that the Oral Agreement did not arise because
“any agreement to grant an extension of time to a customer is an indulgence,
non-binding and subject to [INTL FCStone’s] rights to liquidate the customer’s
positions”. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 86.

While this appears to acknowledge that some understanding in the form of an
agreement may have been reached between the parties, I do not think this
amounts to a concession by the defendants that the Oral Agreement was made.
That statement appears to be an elaboration of their pleading that “even if an
extension was granted, it was not binding”. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

DCC6 at para 89F.

The express reference to the non-binding nature of the extension of time (if
granted) suggests that the use of “agreement” was not in the legal sense, ie,
it was not intended to engage the principles of contract law. The defendants’
submission is therefore consistent with their case that INTL FCStone’s
allowance to Mr Budhrani of three days to fulfil the margin call (if the 20%
Policy was not applicable) was no more than an indulgence, and not an
entitlement which Mr Budhrani could enforce. As I shall explain in due course
at [87]–[93] below, this indulgence was not unqualified. It would lapse if the
equity in his account fell below 20% of his initial margin, 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DCC6 at para 89; Defendants’ WCS at para 71.

whereupon INTL FCStone had the right to immediately terminate his positions.

63 By virtue of the foregoing, I find that Mr Budhrani and INTL FCStone did
not make the Oral Agreement. Accordingly, I do not accept Mr Budhrani’s claim
that the defendants breached the Oral Agreement.

64 Mr Budhrani asserts his right to have three days to meet the margin call
not only by way of the Oral Agreement. He also claims that his entitlement to
three days was provided for in a collateral contract, and a representation
that gave rise to an estoppel. I deal with these further arguments below.

There was no collateral contract

65 Additionally, Mr Budhrani says that the defendants are obliged to give him
three days to settle the margin call, not just because of the Oral Agreement,
but also because there was a collateral contract. According to Mr Budhrani,
there was a collateral contract “upon which [Mr Budhrani] entered into the
Novation Deed with [INTL FCStone]” 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

SOC5 at para 5B.

(the “Novation Deed”). However, he does not plead the particulars of the
collateral contract, such as its terms or how and when it was made.
Materially, he also testified that:

(a) he “assumed” he would have three days to meet a margin call when he
entered into the Novation Deed with INTL FCStone; 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 6 lines 9 –12.

(b) “they did not promise [him that he would have T+3 to settle any margin
call] when [he] signed the [N]ovation [D]eed”; 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 6 line 25 – p 7 line 3.

(c) no one in INTL FCStone promised him, before he entered into the Novation
Deed, that he would have three days to settle any margin calls; 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 7 lines 11–14.

and

(d) he did not tell anyone in INTL FCStone that he entered into the Novation
Deed because, among other possible reasons, he assumed that he would have
three days to meet the margin call. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 7 lines 15–19.

These candid concessions contradict his pleading that the collateral contract
was the “bas[is] upon which [he] entered into the [N]ovation [D]eed”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 31(a) and 83; Defendants’ WRCS at para 55.

Mr Budhrani’s case shifts in his written reply closing submission, and he says
that the collateral contract “is a relationship that existed as at the time of
the Novation Deed” 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 21.

– but this is also inconsistent with his testimony. He also does not plead
that the said collateral contract was breached. It was only after the end of
trial that he appears to submit that the collateral contract was breached,
and, even then, the breach was asserted only by way of a heading in his
written closing submissions 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at p 22.

and nothing was said as to why there was a breach. Accordingly, I find that
there was no collateral contract which provided that Mr Budhrani was entitled
to three days to settle the margin call. It follows that the defendants did
not commit any breach of contract in this respect.

There was no representation that gave rise to an estoppel

66 Mr Budhrani submits that even if the “representation” 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 56.

that he says gave rise to the Oral Agreement does not constitute a binding
contract, it “would amount to an operative grace period from which the
[d]efendants cannot resile”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 57.

I am not persuaded by this submission. First, this point is not included in
any of his pleadings and he cannot be allowed to raise this now. Second, given
my findings above, the evidence does not show that the defendants represented
to Mr Budhrani that he had three days to settle the margin (ie, by 18 March
2020).

67 Finally, Mr Budhrani raises a new argument in his written reply closing
submissions. He says that, since clause 1.25.11 of the Client Agreement
provides that a margin call can be made in any form, including orally,
therefore the defendants’ oral communication to Mr Budhrani between 14 and 16
March 2020 that he “had T3 to settle the margin call” is binding. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 68.

This completely misunderstands the cited clause. Mr Budhrani never alleged in
his pleaded case that the later phone communications between the defendants
and Mr Budhrani had constituted the margin call, and his attempt to do so now
is untenable.

Whether the defendants misrepresented that Mr Budhrani had until 18 March 2020
to settle the margin call and could arrange a transfer of US$80,000 to INTL
FCStone

68 Mr Budhrani also claims that the defendants made the 18 March
Representation and the US$80,000 Representation falsely. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

SOC5 at paras 24(d), 42B and 42D.

The defendants however deny that they made the 18 March and US$80,000
Representations. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCC6 at para 113B; D4 at para 114B.

The 18 March Representation was not made

69 It is helpful to clarify the contours of the 18 March Representation as
pleaded by Mr Budhrani. Mr Budhrani’s case is that the defendants made the 18
March Representation, namely, that he had until 18 March 2020 to settle the
margin call. But it is evident from his pleadings that the 18 March
Representation, as Mr Budhrani understood it, also meant that he would not be
made to liquidate his contracts by 16 March 2020, 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

SOC5 at paras 24(h) and 24(k).

nor settle the margin call as soon as possible. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

SOC5 at para 24(j).

In other words, based on his pleaded case, the 18 March Representation
afforded him a completely unfettered right to have until 18 March 2020 to
settle the margin call.

70 In my view, the defendants did not make the 18 March Representation. Mr
Budhrani does not identify exactly when and how the 18 March Representation
was made. Nonetheless, as early as 13 March 2020, Ms Alie informed Mr Budhrani
of the 20% Policy, by stating that “we will only activate to cut the position
if let’s say, your margin really went to the deficit, whereby left only 20%”
and that “you currently you may continue to hold the position, we just hope
that the market won’t go against you tonight until your equity left only 20%.
If it’s only 20%, then we will need to… need you to reduce some of the
position to bring up the margin variable.” 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

3ACB at Tab 95 (p 187).

The fact that the 20% Policy overrode INTL FCStone’s three-day allowance for
Mr Budhrani to settle the margin call was also repeatedly emphasised to Mr
Budhrani. In a call beginning on 13 March 2020 at 3.11pm, Mr Budhrani asked
“Um, you allow T+3 right for the…” and Ms Alie responded with “Yeah, correct,
as long as the market won’t go beyond… you won’t left only 20%, the most you
can go will be T[+3]” [emphasis added]. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

3ACB at Tab 99 (p 203).

I therefore find that the defendants did not make the 18 March Representation.

71 In his closing submissions, Mr Budhrani did not make submissions on his
pleading that the 18 March Representation constitutes actionable
misrepresentation. Instead, he says that either it amounts to a contractual
obligation (which I have dismissed above) or, failing that, the defendants are
estopped from resiling from the 18 March Representation. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 55–56.

This is an inconsistency in his case and calls into question his cause of
action in relation to the 18 March Representation. As Mr Budhrani did not
include any claim premised on promissory estoppel in his pleadings, he cannot
be allowed to raise it so late in the day, especially not after the trial has
concluded.

72 In the circumstances, it cannot be said that the defendants made the 18
March Representation to Mr Budhrani. Accordingly, it cannot be said that INTL
FCStone made this fraudulent misrepresentation to Mr Budhrani.

The US$80,000 Representation was not made

73 Mr Budhrani claims that, by making the US$80,000 Representation, the
defendants falsely represented that he could arrange a transfer of US$80,000
to INTL FCStone. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

SOC5 at para 42B(b).

In my view, Mr Budhrani’s claim, properly understood, requires that the
US$80,000 Representation be read with the 18 March Representation. His claim
in misrepresentation is in respect of the two Representations jointly. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

SOC5 at paras 42B–42G.

What Mr Budhrani takes issue with is not the mere statement that he can
arrange a transfer of moneys to INTL FCStone; his complaint is that the
defendants made the US$80,000 Representation and, in connection with that,
also represented that he would be given the three days to meet the margin
call. This is evident from his statement that the defendants made the
US$80,000 Representation “to try to assuage [INTL FCStone’s Risk team] to give
[him] time … to meet the margin call”, 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 136.

despite that they were not going to allow him to three days to settle the
margin call (ie, by 18 March 2020). 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

SOC5 at para 42D.

I note, however, that after trial he submits that the US$80,000 Representation
alone was a fraudulent misrepresentation, and shifts his focus to a distinct
issue, namely, whether Ms Song had been in communication with the Risk team.
204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 136–139.

As this is not part of Mr Budhrani’s pleaded case, I disregard it. He cannot
pursue what is effectively a new cause of action now.

74 Having decided that the 18 March Representation was not made, it is
strictly not necessary for me to consider the US$80,000 Representation, since
it alone cannot sustain Mr Budhrani’s claim in misrepresentation. Nonetheless,
I am doubtful whether the US$80,000 Representation was made. Mr Budhrani does
not, in his pleadings, identify where or how the US$80,000 Representation was
made. In his written closing submissions, however, he says that the phone
conversation on 16 March 2020 at 5.59pm is “particularly relevant”. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 137; 4ACB at Tab 130.

In that conversation, Mr Budhrani told Ms Song that he would arrange a
transfer of US$80,000 to INTL FCStone, and Ms Song asked “Do you think you can
actually liquidate the position? … how I wish I can link you off with the
Risk, but I couldn’t do anything because it’s like, your account right, it’s
doing at negative we’ve got no choice” [emphasis added]. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

4ACB at Tab 130 (pp 33–34).

When Mr Budhrani further enquired as to whether he would have three days to
fulfil the margin call, she said “No, no, but it’s running a deficit. It is
running on deficit.” [emphasis added]. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

4ACB at Tab 130 (p 35).

Ms Song did, therefore, indicate that any allowance given for Mr Budhrani to
settle the margin call in three days had been superseded by the 20% Policy. It
seems to me that the defendants did not simply say that he could arrange a
transfer of US$80,000 to INTL FCStone.

75 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the defendants did not misrepresent
that Mr Budhrani had until 18 March 2020 to settle the margin call and could
arrange a transfer of US$80,000 to INTL FCStone.

Whether the defendants breached the Execution Only Contract

There was no Execution Only Contract between the parties

76 Mr Budhrani avers that the defendants breached the Margin Trading Agreement
and Client Agreement. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

SOC5 at paras 22B and 44(a).

Specifically, he says that the defendants breached the Execution Only Contract
by causing or procuring him to sell the 66 Contracts by 16 March 2020,
notwithstanding that he had until 18 March 2020 to settle the margin call. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

SOC5 at paras 22B(a), 43A–43E.

77 I find that the defendants were not in breach of their contractual
obligation in this regard, because the obligation which Mr Budhrani says was
breached did not, in fact, exist. Mr Budhrani misconstrues the nature of the
agreement between the parties. By his conception of their agreement, ie,
Execution Only Contract, he perceives the “execution only” concept as a limit
on what the defendants were entitled to do, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

SOC5 at para 6; NE for 23 August 2023 at p 139 line 24 – p 140 line 12.

when in fact it is a limit on the services the defendants were obligated to
provide to him, including any advice at all. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendants’ WRCS at para 25.

78 Mr Budhrani does not plead the specific clauses in the Agreements he relies
on when he states that the essence of these agreements is “an execution
service only contract [under which] the [d]efendants were only to take the
orders in respect of the [c]ontracts from [Mr Budhrani]”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

SOC5 at paras 5 and 6; Defendants’ WCS at para 43.

The defendants identify, inter alia, clause 1.22 of the Client Agreement which
provides as follows:

1.22.2 UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED BY [INTL FCStone] IN WRITING, [INTL FCStone]
DOES NOT AND IS NOT WILLING TO ASSUME ANY ADVISORY, FIDUCIARY OR SIMILAR OR
OTHER DUTIES OR ACT AS INVESTMENT ADVISER TO [Mr Budhrani]. [Mr Budhrani]
REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO [INTL FCStone], AND [INTL FCStone] RELIES ON SUCH
REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY, THAT:

(a) [Mr Budhrani] DOES NOT WISH TO BE PROVIDED WITH ANY FINANCIAL ADVICE BY
[INTL FCStone], AND IN PARTICULAR, [Mr Budhrani] DOES NOT WISH TO HAVE, AND
THEREFORE WILL REJECT ANY AND ALL OFFERS FOR THE PROVISION OF, SUCH ADVICE BY
[INTL FCStone] …

(b) IN SO DOING, [Mr Budhrani] IS FULLY AWARE AND ACCEPTS THAT [Mr Budhrani]
WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE TO DETERMINE THE MERITS AND SUITABILITY OF EACH AND
EVERY TRANSACTION … 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (pp 22–23).

This clearly explains that INTL FCStone did not assume any advisory duties nor
act as an advisor to Mr Budhrani. Therefore, if the Client Agreement is to be
characterised as “execution only”, it means that Mr Budhrani was entitled to
an “execution only” service from INTL FCStone. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 44.

It does not mean that the conduct of INTL FCStone was constrained to only
executing trades. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 16–18; Defendants’ WCS at para 44.

Put another way, it was a fetter upon Mr Budhrani’s rights under his
agreements with INTL FCStone, and not upon INTL FCStone’s rights under those
agreements.

79 I note that this is consistent with Mr Lee’s evidence: he testified that in
a “normal situation”, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 140 lines 22–24.

“[w]hen the customer has money … we do not interfere. We will just execute his
orders.” 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 140 lines 14–21.

This suggests that INTL FCStone was not confined in its conduct to only
executing a client’s orders, since it is possible that they may do more than
execute orders. More importantly, Mr Lee disagreed that INTL FCStone “had no
right in any way to interfere with [Mr Budhrani’s] decisions in respect of the
disposal or retention of the silver contracts”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 146 lines 14–19.

This is corroborated by Ms Song 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 73 lines 14 – 20, p 74 lines 3–14, p 75 lines 1–5,
p 77 lines 5–16.

and Ms Alie’s evidence. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 35 lines 4–21.

While Ms Alie did at one point appear to say that she could not make
suggestions to Mr Budhrani, 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 40 line 24, p 41 lines 6–7. See also Mr Budhrani’s
WCS at para 26.

it appears that she understood references to “execution” as the act of
executing a trade, rather than the legal rights and obligations each party
possessed (including, allegedly, the rights and obligations under the
Execution Only Contract) – this is evident from her testimony that “this part
is more to servicing him, not on the execution” 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 40 lines 18–19. See also NE for 24 August 2023 at p
93 lines 2–8.

and her statement that her understanding of “execution-only [was that she]
should just receive the order, place the order”. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 96 lines 23–24, p 161 lines 9–15.

Accordingly, her evidence also contradicts Mr Budhrani’s claim that INTL
FCStone was constrained from any conduct other than executing trades as he
directed. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

See also Defendants’ WRCS at para 44.

80 Based on the foregoing, the Execution Only Contract is not part of the
agreement between the parties. There is therefore no need for me to consider
if it was breached by the defendants. The parties’ contractual relationship is
governed by the Agreements alone. Nonetheless, for the reasons set out below,
I disagree with Mr Budhrani that the defendants caused or procured Mr Budhrani
to sell the 66 Contracts by 16 March 2020. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 20–33, 58–63.

So, even if there was an Execution Only Contract between the parties, it would
not have been breached.

There was no relationship of agency based on the Execution Only Contract

81 Mr Budhrani submits that the defendants breached their “contractual duties
as agent to [him]”, which duties include “perform[ing] in accordance with
[his] instructions”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 64–66.

He says this breach arising from the alleged agent-principal relationship
occurred because of two acts:

(a) the defendants and Mr Lee’s unlawful interference with Mr Budhrani’s sole
right to decide whether to hold, dispose of or in any way deal with any of his
contracts, which right arose from the Execution Only Contract; 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 16, 17 and 65.

and

(b) the defendants and Mr Lee’s “duress/undue influence/illegitimate pressure”
imposed upon Mr Budhrani. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 66.

82 However, Mr Budhrani pleads only that INTL FCStone was an agent for him
based on an “execution only service”. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

SOC5 at para 43A.

He does not plead any breach of the agent-principal relationship, nor breach
of “contractual duties as agent”, on INTL FCStone’s part. He cannot be allowed
to include a new cause of action at such a late stage in the proceedings.
Further, as I have found above that there was no Execution Only Contract
between the parties, the basis for his assertion that INTL FCStone acted as
his agent and breached its duties falls away.

The 66 Contracts

Whether Mr Budhrani was in default in settling the margin call

83 Mr Budhrani contends that the defendants should not have imposed
illegitimate pressure on him to compel him to sell his contracts. The
defendants, on the other hand, assert that Mr Budhrani had been in default in
settling the margin call and they were thereby entitled to liquidate his
contracts immediately. They aver that they had, in fact, been indulgent in
allowing him to sell his contracts on 16 March 2020. It is therefore necessary
to consider whether Mr Budhrani was in default and, if so, what INTL FCStone
was entitled to do in relation to his account.

Mr Budhrani was in default in settling the margin call and the defendants were
entitled to liquidate his positions under the Client Agreement

84 According to Mr Budhrani, the defendants were not entitled to liquidate his
positions 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

SOC5 at para 24(l).

nor compel him to liquidate his positions. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

SOC5 at para 24(m).

He contends that doing so would be contrary to the Oral Agreement, the 18
March Representation and/or the collateral contract which allegedly provided
that Mr Budhrani was entitled to three days to settle the margin call.
However, I have found that the Oral Agreement and the 18 March Representation
were not made, and there was no collateral contract as well.

85 In contrast, the defendants correctly point out that Mr Budhrani was in
default because, at close of business on 16 March 2020, he failed to make
payment of the margin call stated in the 13 March DS (clause 1.17.1(a) of the
Client Agreement). 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

DCC6 at para 71; Defendants’ WCS at para 67.

He was obligated to furnish additional margin within one business day of being
informed of a margin call or a margin deficit (clause 1.25.4 of the Client
Agreement). 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

DCC6 at paras 45, 88 and 101(a).

Accordingly, INTL FCStone was entitled to liquidate the positions in his
account (clause 1.17 of the Client Agreement). 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

DCC6 at para 29A.

The relevant provisions are reproduced below:

1.17.1 A “Default” shall be deemed to occur if:

...

(a) the Customer fails to make, when due, any payment or delivery required to
be made by it under this Client Agreement or in respect of any Account or
Transaction;

…

1.17.3 ... on or at any time following the occurrence of a Default in respect
of the Customer … [INTL FCStone] may, by notice to the Customer, specify a
date (the “Liquidation Date”) on which [INTL FCStone] will commence the
termination, close-out or liquidation of such Transactions as [INTL FCStone]
may determine … 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 17).

The defendants also rightly point out that, in any case, INTL FCStone was
entitled to take all necessary steps to protect its financial interests,
including to liquidate Mr Budhrani’s contracts (clause 1.25.12 of the Client
Agreement, clause 10 of the Customer Agreement). 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

DCC6 at paras 89C–89D; Defendants’ WCS at para 70.

I reproduce these clauses below:

1.25.12 [of the Client Agreement] Even if [INTL FCStone] has notified the
Customer and provided a specific date or time by which the Customer is
required to meet a Margin Call, [INTL FCStone] can still take necessary steps
to protect its financial interests before such specified date, including
exercising any of [INTL FCStone's] rights under Clauses 1.25 and 1.6, before
the time given for meeting the Margin Call has elapsed. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 29).

10 [of the Customer Agreement] [INTL FCStone] shall have the right, whenever
in [its] sole discretion [it] consider[s] it necessary for [its] protection
because of margin requirements or otherwise, … to:

a) satisfy any obligation the Customer may have to [INTL FCStone] (either
directly or by way of guarantee or suretyship) out of any property belonging
to the Customer in [INTL FCStone's] custody or control;

b) sell or buy any or all securities, or commodities outstanding which may be
long or short respectively in the Customer’s account(s)[;] and

c) cancel any outstanding orders in order to close the account or accounts of
the Customer’s;

all without demand for margin or additional margin, notice to the Customer,
the Customer’s heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives or
assigns of sale or purchase or other notice or advertisement and whether or
not the ownership interest shall be solely the Customer’s or jointly with
others. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

2ACB at Tab 1 (p 11).

The fact that INTL FCStone did not call a default or issue a liquidation order
does not mean that it was not entitled to liquidate Mr Budhrani’s contracts.
239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at paras 75–76.

86 Nonetheless, INTL FCStone was prepared to give Mr Budhrani up to three
business days to meet the margin call, before taking steps to liquidate or
square off his contracts. It was palpably clear that this was, in the
defendants’ words, a “grace period and … not binding”. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 69; DCC6 at para 89F.

There is no basis for Mr Budhrani’s unreasoned assertion that this shows that
the defendants were approbating and reprobating. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 69.

The defendants were also entitled to liquidate Mr Budhrani’s contracts under
the 20% Policy

87 A crucial point is that the grace period was only envisaged provided that
the equity in Mr Budhrani’s account did not fall below 20% of his initial
margin, 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

DCC6 at para 89; Defendants’ WCS at para 71.

in which case INTL FCStone had the right to immediately terminate Mr
Budhrani’s positions and require him to pay the shortfall (ie, the 20% Policy)
(clause 2.0.1 of the Client Risk Monitoring Procedures Manual). 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

DCC6 at para 89B; Defendants’ WCS at para 71; 3ACB at Tab 7 (pp 68–69).

This clause reads:

Escalation actions are to be taken whenever the Margin Ratio of the client
falls below the respective trigger levels:

[Margin Ratio:] … Falls below 20%

[Escalation Process:] Issue liquidation orders to CM Team, copy to CEO
(Entity), Desk Heads, Sales Team and Head CRM. Liquidation will not cease
until clients recover to 100% IM level.

88 I agree that the defendants were entitled to liquidate Mr Budhrani’s
contracts pursuant to the 20% Policy.

89 Although Mr Budhrani denies both knowledge of the practice of the 20%
Policy and the policy itself, 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

RDCC3 at para 50D; R3 at para 52D; Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 189.

he advances no reasons or evidence in support of his denials. Mr Budhrani says
that the 20% Policy is part of INTL FCStone’s internal policy but not their
contractual right, and relies on Mr Lee’s testimony at trial to support this
contention. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 189; NE for 25 May 2023 at p 72 line 8 – p 74 line
14.

In my view, this is more a question of law than of fact. The issue should not
be resolved solely by reference to Mr Lee’s testimony. Although Mr Lee agreed
with Mr Budhrani’s counsel that the 20% Policy was not a contractual right, he
consistently testified that INTL FCStone had the right to liquidate Mr
Budhrani’s contracts. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

NE for 25 May 2023 at p 70 lines 6–15, p 71 lines 8–11, p 72 lines 2–7, p 109
line 21 – p 111 line 14.

The defendants point out two clauses which support their legal right to
enforce the 20% Policy:

(a) Pursuant to clause 1.25.12 of the Client Agreement, INTL FCStone was
entitled to take all necessary steps to protect its financial interests even
if it had notified Mr Budhrani of a specific date or time by which he was
required to meet the margin call. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

DCC6 at paras 28, 37(b) and 89C; 3ACB at Tab 5 (p 29).

(b) Pursuant to clause 1.6.1(b) of the Client Agreement, INTL FCStone was
entitled to terminate any outstanding transactions or other open positions in
Mr Budhrani’s account or liquidate the same. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

DCC6 at paras 17 and 89C; 3ACB at Tab 5 (p 9).

Mr Budhrani’s only basis for disputing this is that the defendants are
estopped from relying on the Client Agreement. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

RDCC3 at para 50K.

I have rejected this argument above.

90 Mr Budhrani’s purported ignorance of the 20% Policy 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 189; Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 74.

is not credible, given that there is objective evidence that he was informed
of it on multiple occasions. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Eg, 3ACB at Tab 95, Tab 99, Tab 112, Tab 125. Defendants’ WCS at para 71.

Mr Budhrani also appears to have accepted at trial that he had been informed
of the 20% Policy as early as 13 March 2020. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 76 line 18 – p 77 line 21; Defendants’ WCS at para 71;
Defendants’ WRCS at para 37.

Crucially, Mr Budhrani essentially makes only an assertion but does not
explain why his purported lack of knowledge should be a bar to the existence
and application of the 20% Policy.

91 The evidence shows that on 16 March 2020 at around 5.22pm (ie, the first
alleged instance of wrongdoing by the defendants), the equity of Mr Budhrani’s
account was already in a deficit of US$127,000. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

4ACB at Tab 124 (p 3). See also Defendants’ WCS at para 71.

This must necessarily be below 20% of the initial margin, since it is
negative. (I note that as early as 13 March 2020 at 12.55pm, Mr Budhrani’s
equity was already negative.) 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

4ACB at Tab 143 (p 93).

92 Accordingly, I find that the defendants were entitled to liquidate the
contracts in Mr Budhrani’s account. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 72.

I also note that, when Mr Budhrani was asked if INTL FCStone was entitled to
forcibly liquidate his positions around 6.22pm on 16 March 2020, he did not
object and instead declined to comment on INTL FCStone’s entitlements. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 16 lines 8–11.

93 By 5.22pm on 16 March 2020, Mr Budhrani was in default of the Client
Agreement and the 20% Policy was engaged, and INTL FCStone was entitled to
immediately liquidate the contracts in his account. The fact that INTL FCStone
decided not to exercise their legal right to liquidate Mr Budhrani’s contracts
on 16 March 2020 does not mean that this right was not applicable or relevant.
257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 189.

Mr Budhrani’s claims in duress and undue influence are untenable

94 The defendants point out that duress and undue influence are grounds for
vitiating a contract and not causes of action, but Mr Budhrani “does not seek
to set aside the 66 Contracts, which are in any case not between [INTL
FCStone] and himself”. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 155–156; Defendants’ WRCS at paras 59–60.

I agree that this is a barrier to Mr Budhrani’s claim for damages arising from
the defendants’ alleged undue influence and duress over him. Should a finding
of undue influence or duress be made, the effect is that the contract entered
into is voidable (in respect of undue influence: Forde v Birmingham City
Council [2009] 1 WLR 2732 at 2759; in respect of duress: Pao On v Lau Yiu Long
[1980] AC 614 at 635–636; Contract Law in Singapore (Andrew B. L. Phang and
Goh Yihan gen ed) (Wolters Kluwer, 2nd ed, 2021) at para 811). Mr Budhrani has
not pleaded that a contract with the defendants would be voidable, nor has he
explained how the sales of the 66 Contracts were contracts with the defendants
which are now voidable. His last-ditch attempt to pursue an alternative claim
in the tort of intimidation based on the pleaded facts must also fail. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 138.

I consider these various claims below, but I will first briefly address his
contention that the defendants owed him a duty of care and had breached their
duty.

The defendants did not owe Mr Budhrani a duty of care or breach their duty

95 Mr Budhrani maintains that the defendants owed him a duty to, inter alia,
inform him of the true value of his losses, take reasonable care to satisfy
themselves of the accuracy of their representations and act as reasonably
competent brokers in making their representations (the “Duty of Care”). 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

SOC5 at paras 38–39.

He claims that the defendants negligently and/or grossly negligently breached
the Duty of Care, by making the 5.22pm, 5.53pm, 6.33pm and/or the 8.46pm
Representations. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

SOC5 at para 42.

The defendants deny that they owe Mr Budhrani any such Duty of Care, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

DCC6 at para 112; D4 at para 113. See also Defendants’ WCS at paras 50–55.

and any duties at all save for those expressly provided for in the Agreements,
the Novation Deed and under law. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

DCC6 at para 112; D4 at para 113.

There is also no implied term or duty imposed upon the defendants. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

DCC6 at para 113; D4 at para 114.

I reject Mr Budhrani’s claims in this regard.

96 Mr Budhrani submits that the Duty of Care arises because Mr Budhrani and
the defendants are “principal and agent”, since Mr Budhrani relies on pricing
information given by the defendants. He further explains that “the provision
of this pricing information forms the core of the relationship of the
Execution Only Contract”. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 166.

I reject this argument for several reasons. First, Mr Budhrani does not
explain why his reliance on pricing information provided by the defendants
must mean that the defendants were agents of Mr Budhrani. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

See also Defendants’ WRCS at paras 12–22.

Second, Mr Budhrani is not entitled to rely on the information provided by the
defendants (see [40] and [119]). 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 48–54.

Finally, to the extent that he relies on the Execution Only Contract to argue
that there was a Duty of Care, I have found that the parties did not agree to
the Execution Only Contract. I also disagree with some of the other reasons
why he says there is a principal-agent relationship.

97 Furthermore, as I shall explain below, I find that the defendants did not
make the 5.22pm Representations, the 5.53pm Representations, the 6.33pm
Representation and/or the 8.46pm Representation. I dismiss Mr Budhrani’s
allegation that the Duty of Care was breached. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Defendants’ WRCS at para 68.

The 20 Contracts

Whether the defendants exercised undue influence resulting in liquidation of
the 20 Contracts

98 Having regard to BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 at [101(a)],
in order to prove that the defendants exercised actual undue influence over
him with regard to the 20 Contracts, Mr Budhrani has to show that:

(a) the defendants had the capacity to influence him;

(b) the influence was exercised;

(c) its exercise was undue; and

(d) its exercise brought about the sale of the 20 Contracts.

I find that the defendants did not exercise undue influence in requiring Mr
Budhrani to liquidate the 20 Contracts on 16 March 2020.

(1) The defendants did not have the capacity to influence Mr Budhrani

99 Mr Budhrani has not shown that the defendants had the capacity to influence
him. He points out that the defendants were aware that he maintained margin
trading accounts with other brokers and any margin call would potentially have
negative consequences for these other accounts. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

SOC5 at paras 24and 6A.

However, this calls for conjecture as he led no evidence to prove this
submission. He also did not explain why the potentially negative consequences
of a margin call from the defendants would mean that the defendants had the
capacity to influence him.

100 Mr Budhrani also says that he “succumbed to the exercise of … undue
influence” because he was in fear of:

(a) defaulting on the Agreements;

(b) having a negative credit standing as a result of such default; and

(c) liquidation of his contracts by the defendants. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

SOC5 at para 24.

But any default on the Agreements would be a consequence of his own actions or
inactions, and he cannot say that his fear of default occasioned his being
susceptible to the defendants’ influence. I also note that, by the time he
says the undue influence was exercised over him, the defendants were already
entitled to liquidate his contracts (at [93] above). Mr Budhrani also neither
explained nor adduced evidence to show how he would have a negative credit
standing upon default, or that he was concerned about this at the material
time.

101 The court in Rajabali Jumabhoy and others v Ameerali R Jumabhoy and others
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 296 (“Rajabali Jumabhoy”) concluded that there was no undue
influence (Rajabali Jumabhoy at [193]) because, inter alia, the persons who
had been alleged to be influenced, Yusuf and Mustafa, had been “mature men…
able to weigh the consequences of their actions” (Rajabali Jumabhoy at [190]).
There is no reason for me to doubt that Mr Budhrani was a mature man able to
weigh the consequences of his actions. Indeed, there is evidence that Mr
Budhrani had knowledge specific to margin trading: for example, he was able to
perform his own calculations to identify a price at which to sell his
contracts and to derive the loss actualised upon sale of a certain number of
contracts at a particular price. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

4ACB at Tab 142; NE for 24 May 2023 at p 85 lines 8–22. See also Defendants’
WCS at para 110.

I therefore accept the defendants’ related argument that Mr Budhrani was not
capable of being influenced because he was incontrovertibly both an
experienced investor and an accredited investor. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

DCC6 at paras 3 and 103(b).

He does not claim to be a novice in any event.

102 Furthermore, there was ample evidence that Mr Budhrani was perfectly
capable of making decisions for himself and disagreeing with the defendants’
suggestions. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Eg, 3ACB at Tab 90, Tab 93, Tab 94, Tab 112; 4ACB at Tab 125.

In particular, even where the defendants suggested that he liquidate some of
his positions, he would give instructions to sell at prices higher than the
market price, which would mean that the contracts were less likely to be sold.
274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 164 and 178; 4ACB at Tab 124; 4ACB at Tab 129; NE for
23 May 2023 at p 142 lines 1–19.

103 On the evidence, I therefore find that the defendants did not have the
capacity to influence Mr Budhrani (see, eg, Ahmad Ebrahim s/o S M E Mohamed
Sadik v Ilangchizian Manogaran [2019] SGHC 167 at [153]–[154]).

(2) The defendants did not exercise influence over Mr Budhrani

104 Second, I find that the defendants did not exercise influence over Mr
Budhrani. It thus cannot be said that the alleged influence brought about the
sale of the 20 Contracts. Mr Budhrani says that he was subject to undue
influence “as a result of” his fears stated at [100] above, 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

SOC5 at para 24(l).

but for the reasons I have articulated above, I do not accept this. Mr
Budhrani appears to say that the defendants’ exercise of influence concerning
the 20 Contracts is evident from the facts that Ms Alie:

(a) initiated the call on 16 March 2020 at 5.22pm, in coordination with and
pursuant to the directions of Mr Lee, to make Mr Budhrani dispose of his
contracts; 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 74–76.

(b) imposed INTL FCStone’s directions on Mr Budhrani by saying that he needed
to sell his contracts 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 76(b) and 76(f).

and denying that he could wait to sell his contracts; 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 76(e) and 76(h).

(c) agreed with Mr Budhrani that he was being forced to liquidate his
contracts; 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 76(i)–76(k).

and

(d) directed Mr Budhrani to place a near order 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 76(m).

(which is an order to sell at a price that is “near the current price”). 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Ms Alie’s AEIC at para 86; NE for 24 August 2023 at p 54 line 20 – p 55 line
8.

105 None of the abovementioned facts show that Mr Budhrani was influenced. The
fact that Ms Alie initiated the call is a neutral consideration. It certainly
does not show that Mr Budhrani was influenced. Ms Alie’s statements that he
“need[ed] to square some of [his] position[s]” and that she “guess[ed Mr
Budhrani] need[ed] to reduce some” contracts 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 32 lines 20–24, p 33 lines 10–17, p 38 line 24 – p
39 line 4, p 39 line 23 – p 40 line 1, p 45 lines 18–23, p 50 lines 5–14, p 50
line 23 – p 51 line 5, p 52 lines 11–13, p 88 line 20 – p 89 line 3, p 107
lines 6–9; Defendants’ WCS at paras 162–165; Defendants’ WCS at paras 162 and
165.

do not, in my view, constitute an exercise of influence, and should instead be
read as suggestions. Instead, I agree with the defendants that they tried to
assist Mr Budhrani to the extent possible. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 159.

Ms Alie’s offer to “let [Mr Budhrani] wait for a while and then [she would]
give [him] a call in a short while?” and to “watch the market for a while for
[Mr Budhrani]” 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

4ACB at Tab 124 (p 5).

does not suggest that the defendants influenced Mr Budhrani to liquidate his
positions. Instead, she appears to be trying to indulge Mr Budhrani’s
preference to bide his time while hoping for a market rebound. Hence, I do not
accept Mr Budhrani’s submission that the “will of the Risk [t]eam and the
[d]efendants … was unrelenting” and made him feel “helpless”. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

SOC5 at para 24(m).

Regardless of whether the defendants could have contributed to his subjective
feeling of helplessness, his reactions had to be viewed in the context of the
prevailing extreme market conditions.

106 I also do not think the fact that Ms Alie said “no” to Mr Budhrani’s
request to hold off on selling his contracts constitutes influence. She was
instead answering his question: “Can I just wait or what?” and “OK, but can I
still wait …”. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 163; 4ACB at Tab 124 (pp 3–4).

(For the reasons explained above at [93], at the material time, INTL FCStone
already had the right to liquidate Mr Budhrani’s contracts.)

107 I disagree with Mr Budhrani that Ms Alie’s ostensible “agreement” that he
was being forced to liquidate shows the defendants’ exercise of influence over
him. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 51 lines 11–24.

Ms Alie testified that she had understood him to mean that the market, and not
she, had forced him to liquidate his positions. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 51 line 11 – p 52 line 10; Defendants’ WCS at para
166.

This is reasonable. This is also supported by the fact that Mr Budhrani
appeared to panic over the falling price of silver immediately before
directing that Ms Alie sell five of the 20 Contracts. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 162; 4ACB at Tab 124 (p 2); NE for 24 August 2023 at p
52 line 11 – p 53 line 7. See also Defendants’ WCS at paras 162 and 166; Mr
Budhrani’s WRCS at para 142.

Similarly, towards the end of the call, Ms Alie informed him that that the
price of silver hit a new market low and he responded with “Oh God!” before
giving his instructions: “OK, OK! Sell everything… sell everything.” 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 162; 4ACB at Tab 124; NE for 23 May 2023 at p 159
lines 2–3, 12–25.

108 Furthermore, Ms Alie did not direct that Mr Budhrani place a near order
and had instead asked him about it. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

4ACB at Tab 124 (p 8).

When asked at trial whether Ms Alie had forced him to place a near order, Mr
Budhrani instead pointed out that Ms Alie had told him to put in a stop order
292

##### Foot Note 292

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 55 lines 17–20.

immediately after her suggestion of a near order and stated that the pressure
had therefore been ongoing. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 156 lines 2–11.

But I note that no stop order was eventually placed, and Mr Budhrani himself
later admitted that Ms Alie had not forced him to place a stop order. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 55 line 23 – p 56 line 6; NE for 23 May 2023 at p
156 lines 24–25.

These do not suffice to show that the defendants exercised their influence
over Mr Budhrani.

(3) Any influence exercised over Mr Budhrani was not undue

109 Third, I find that even if the defendants exercised influence over Mr
Budhrani, it was not undue. Mr Budhrani does not explain why the influence was
undue, or specify if the defendants’ threat was lawful or otherwise. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 68–69.

Although he refers to an unlawful threat by way of threatening contractual
breach, and a threat of lawful action, he does not say that the defendants
have made either threat. He cannot say that the same threat is both lawful and
unlawful. In any case, given my dismissal of his various complaints above and
finding that INTL FCStone was well within its rights to liquidate his
contracts (at [93]), 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

See also NE for 24 August 2023 at p 48 line 22 – p 49 line 21.

I do not see any evidence of direct pressure, in the form of illegitimate
threats and action, bullying tactics, or indirect pressure, such as deliberate
concealment of material facts or domination over mind and will (Halsbury's
Laws of Singapore volume 7 (LexisNexis Singapore) at para 80.230). 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

See also Defendants’ WCS at para 158.

It therefore cannot be said that the defendants’ threat of liquidating his
contracts, even if made, amounted to undue influence.

Whether the defendants exercised duress resulting in liquidation of the 20
Contracts

110 In order to show that he acted under duress, Mr Budhrani must prove that:
(a) there was exertion of illegitimate pressure; and (b) such pressure
amounted to the compulsion of his will: Tjong Very Sumito and others v Chan
Sing En and others [2012] 3 SLR 953 (“Tjong Very Sumito”) at [247]. In my
view, Mr Budhrani did not act under duress in selling the 20 Contracts.

111 I do not think the defendants subjected Mr Budhrani to illegitimate
pressure, much less pressure amounting to the compulsion of his will, for the
same reasons explained above at [104]–[108]. Mr Budhrani says that the
defendants exerted illegitimate pressure by “unlawfully and illegitimately
requiring [him] to immediately liquidate the said 66 Contracts by 16 March
2020”. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

SOC5 at para 24.

Mr Budhrani says the defendants exerted illegitimate pressure by breaching the
Execution Only Contract, 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 20–33, 67.

unlawfully interfering with the Execution Only Contract, 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 58–63, 67.

and breaching the Oral Agreement. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 40–46, 67.

In the first place, there was no threat to breach the contracts as there was
no Execution Only Contract and no Oral Agreement. Thus, as a consequence of my
findings on these issues, it cannot be said that the defendants placed
illegitimate pressure on Mr Budhrani by threatening to breach contracts (see,
eg, Tjong Very Sumito at [249]–[250]). INTL FCStone was, in fact, entitled to
liquidate Mr Budhrani’s contracts (at [93] above), and it cannot be said that
the defendants made a threat of unlawful action.

Whether the defendants made misrepresentations by way of the 5.22pm
Representations

112 Mr Budhrani says that Ms Alie and Ms Song falsely made the 5.22pm
Representations – that his equity was in deficit of US$127,000 and a sale of
16 contracts would remove the deficit 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

SOC5 at para 23A.

– when that would not have made a difference to the said deficit. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

SOC5 at para 23C.

Mr Budhrani’s case is that the 5.22pm Representations included that the sale
of 16 contracts alone would remove the deficit, since he denies that the
5.22pm Representations “took into account the funds that [Mr Budhrani] had
said he would bring in to address the prevailing shortfall in the margin
required to hold the positions in his account.” 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

DCC6 at para 102C; RDCC3 at para 55G.

The defendants say that Ms Alie made the 5.22pm Representations having taken
into account the funds that Mr Budhrani had said he would bring in to address
the shortfall in the margin required to hold his contracts. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

DCC6 at para 102C.

Further, they aver that Mr Budhrani did not rely and/or is estopped from
claiming that he relied on the 5.22pm Representations. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

DCC6 at para 102H.

113 I find that Ms Alie did not make the 5.22pm Representations. She told Mr
Budhrani that his account had an equity deficit of US$127,000, but not that a
sale of 16 contracts alone would remove the deficit.

114 First, Ms Alie told Mr Budhrani that the sale of 16 contracts would remove
the deficit provided that he transfers moneys, amounting to the initial
margin, to his account. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 103 and 116.

Ms Alie said:

So based on the current market, right, you… I’m using the… I’m using the
margin… the initial margin… hold on, ah. Another 16 lots that you need to
reduce, at least, at the moment.

…

Yeah, correct. That is only to bring up to positive, because currently it’s
deficit. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

4ACB at Tab 124 (p 3).

[emphasis added]

I therefore disagree that the 5.22pm Representations were made.

115 Second, it is not possible for the sale of 16 contracts to remove the
equity deficit in Mr Budhrani’s account, and it is only if Mr Budhrani brings
funds into the account that the deficit can be eradicated. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 95–96.

I find it difficult to accept that Mr Budhrani was genuinely unaware of this.
At the least, as a seasoned investor, he ought reasonably to have known and
understood what the situation entailed. I therefore find that Ms Alie did not
make the 5.22pm Representations. Ms Alie’s evidence on the concepts of equity,
equity deficit and margin deficit, which was unchallenged by Mr Budhrani, is
relevant and I reproduce it below:

“Equity” refers to the net value in the customer’s account, considering the
cash in his account and the value of his positions, including any realised and
unrealised profits and losses. If the customer’s equity falls below the
Maintenance Margin, he is in a margin deficit. If his equity falls below zero,
he is in an account deficit or equity deficit. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Ms Alie’s AEIC at para 13.

Mr Budhrani already had an equity deficit of US$127,000, which accounted for
the unrealised losses of the contracts he was holding then. A sale of 16
contracts would mean that what were previously unrealised losses would become
realised losses (since the price of silver was falling). This would not reduce
the deficit in his equity. Mr Budhrani also does not allege that Ms Alie’s
calculations were inaccurate or illogical. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 95–96 and 117.

116 More importantly, he does not provide any plausible explanation for why
she would provide inaccurate calculations. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Defendants’ WRCS at paras 3 and 82.

I disagree with Mr Budhrani that it is not for him to do so. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at paras 112–113.

He bears the evidential burden of proving his case. To the extent the
defendants have provided plausible evidence in support of their case, if Mr
Budhrani hopes to succeed in meeting his burden of proof, he must rebut that
evidence (Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R)
855 at [60]). Indeed, it was plainly and objectively not in the defendants’
interest to make their calculations on the basis that Mr Budhrani would
transfer additional moneys if they did not believe that he was going to do so,
given that they would eventually suffer a deficit which he may not pay back
for whatever reason. Accordingly, Mr Budhrani’s insistence that the defendants
proceeded on the basis that he would not bring in additional funds, while
providing no explanation of any plausible motivation for this, is even less
believable. That being the case, I find that Ms Alie did not represent that a
sale of 16 contracts alone would remove the equity deficit on Mr Budhrani’s
account.

117 Mr Budhrani claimed that he would not have known that in a falling market
“the only way [to] eliminate an account deficit is [to bring] in funds”, and
that he had just done what Ms Alie had told him to do. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 138 lines 15–23.

I have serious doubts as to the truth of this claim, given his experience in
trading, especially with margin trading accounts (see also [99] above), 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

See also Defendants’ WCS at para 110.

but this consideration is not central to my decision. Mr Budhrani’s alleged
inability (or unwillingness) to appreciate how an equity deficit may or may
not be eliminated at the material time does not change the fact that, on his
case, Ms Alie’s calculations would objectively not make any sense. Mr
Budhrani’s eventual appreciation of the impossibility of removing the equity
deficit solely by selling his contracts, as reflected in his pleadings, 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

SOC5 at para 23C; Defendants’ WCS at para 107.

supports this point.

118 Third, I accept that, preceding the 5.22pm call, Mr Budhrani told the
defendants that he would arrange for funds to be transferred to his account
and Ms Alie therefore made her representations on that basis. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 97–98.

Mr Budhrani himself accepts that he had arranged for funds to be transferred
to his account. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 28.

Mr Budhrani disagrees with Ms Alie’s evidence that she had the impression that
he would bring in funds to cover his initial margin and accordingly did her
calculations on that basis. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Ms Alie’s AEIC at para 71; Defendants’ WCS at paras 99–101.

This is because, according to him, he never mentioned that he would bring in
funds to cover the initial margin. Instead, he said he would bring in enough
money to address the margin call with some buffer. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 139 line 13 – p 140 line 10.

In my view, it is reasonable for the defendants to have nonetheless proceeded
on the assumption that Mr Budhrani would be bringing in a smaller sum, given
especially the difficulties he appeared to have in transferring funds to his
account. Furthermore, it would be impossible for Ms Alie to do the requested
calculations on the basis that he would bring in “enough money to address the
margin call with some buffer”, 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

See also NE for 24 August 2023 at p 43 line 20 – p 44 line 22.

without any specified amount to work with. It therefore made sense for her to
have used a specific sum, like the initial margin. I also accept that Ms Alie
and Ms Song both proceeded on the basis that, since Mr Budhrani said he would
bring funds into the account, they had no reason to doubt that the minimum
amount he would bring in would cover the initial margin. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 44 lines 8–19; NE for 25 August 2023 at p 32 lines
12–19; Defendants’ WCS at para 100; Defendants’ WRCS at para 77.

119 Fourth, I accept that the fact that Ms Alie did not explain, after Mr
Budhrani had liquidated all of the 66 Contracts, that she had done her
calculations on the basis that he would bring in the initial margin 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

4ACB at Tab 141; NE for 24 August 2023 at p 116 lines 6–17, p 117 lines 3–4, p
140 line 23 – p 141 line 6.

does not help the defendants’ case. Nonetheless, this is not fatal to Ms
Alie’s case, as I find her explanation – that she was tired and had forgotten
to do so – believable. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 114.

Furthermore, the questions asked by Mr Budhrani were not in relation to the
5.22pm call but instead the 6.33pm and 8.46pm calls, 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

4ACB at Tab 141.

and I find it reasonable that she did not explain the basis of her statements
made during the 5.22pm call.

120 On the totality of the evidence, I find that the 5.22pm Representations
were not made. There is therefore no need for me to consider the other
elements of a claim in misrepresentation, though I make one further comment: I
agree with the defendants that, even if the 5.22pm Representations were made,
Mr Budhrani is estopped from relying on them by virtue of clause 1.34 of the
Client Agreement. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 129.

This clause is reproduced at [44(b)] above. For the reasons explained above at
[40]–[46], I accept that the defendants are entitled to place reliance on the
Client Agreement generally.

The 9 Contracts

Whether the defendants exercised undue influence and/or duress resulting in
liquidation of the 9 Contracts

121 For the reasons set out above at [99]–[103], the defendants were not
capable of influencing Mr Budhrani.

122 I also find that the defendants did not, in fact, influence or put
pressure on Mr Budhrani: he does not identify the sections of conversations in
which the defendants allegedly influenced or exerted pressure on him to sell
the 9 Contracts, and thus has not proven that there was influence, or that
pressure was exerted on him. Nonetheless, it appears to me that the 9
Contracts were sold between the 5.22pm and 5.36pm conversations. This is
because, towards the end of the 5.22pm call, Ms Alie confirmed that Mr
Budhrani still had 46 contracts, and at the beginning of the 5.36pm call she
told him that he had 37 contracts left. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

See also NE for 24 May 2023 at p 3 lines 10–18.

The transcript suggests that the sale of the 9 Contracts was a consequence of
Mr Budhrani’s direction: “OK, OK! Sell everything… sell everything.” 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

4ACB at Tab 124.

Mr Budhrani testified that he had been “affected” by the conversation 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 159 lines 2–3.

and that he gave the said direction as a response to Ms Alie’s statement that
he could no longer hold on to the contracts. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

NE for 23 May 2023 at p 159 lines 12–25.

But Ms Alie did not, in the time just preceding his direction, say that.
Instead she said “I can’t hold it anymore” twice. I accept her explanation
that she meant that she could no longer hold the phone line since she had not
been able to get proof of payment although they had been on the call for more
than ten minutes, not that she could not hold the positions for him anymore.
331

##### Foot Note 331

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 62 line 9 – p 64 line 9; Defendants’ WCS at paras
169–170.

Mr Budhrani made no effort to explain why the latter interpretation must be
preferred. In any case, I find his interpretation questionable as there is no
reason why Ms Alie would say she “held” the contracts or chose to use such
language. I also agree with the defendants that Ms Alie explored ways to
assist Mr Budhrani to hold on to his contracts. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 168; 4ACB at Tab 124.

Mr Budhrani also says that he was subject to actual undue influence “as a
result of” his fears stated at [100] above 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

SOC5 at para 24(l).

– for the reasons articulated above, I reject this.

123 Finally, I find that any influence over Mr Budhrani was not undue, and any
pressure was not illegitimate for the reasons set out above at [109].

124 I add that Mr Budhrani is not allowed to pursue a new cause of action that
the 9 Contracts were disposed of “without mandate”. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 33.

He did not plead this and only raised this complaint at trial. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 171.

He only raised it as a matter of evidence relevant to his claims in undue
influence, duress, and breach of contract in his written reply closing
submissions, 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at para 33.

and I have rejected all of these claims.

The 10 Contracts

Whether the defendants exercised undue influence and/or duress resulting in
liquidation of the 10 Contracts

125 For the reasons set out above at [99]–[103], the defendants were not
capable of influencing Mr Budhrani.

126 Mr Budhrani appears to say that the defendants influenced or exerted
pressure on him to sell the 10 Contracts because Ms Song emphasised numerous
times “that ‘Risk’ wanted a liquidation if no payment was made by 16 March
2020”. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 77–78.

But all Ms Song said, prior to the sale of the 10 Contracts, was “[w]e talked
to the Risk, right… yeah, because it is not our call. We have to consult the
Risk.” 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

4ACB at Tab 129 (p 28).

Ms Song disagreed that she had, by saying this, put the fear of the Risk Team
in Mr Budhrani’s mind to get him to do what she wanted. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 59 lines 6–14.

I do not think Ms Song’s statement is sufficient to amount to her influencing
or exerting pressure on Mr Budhrani. The transcript of the 5.53pm call does
not show that the defendants exerted influence or pressure on Mr Budhrani. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 178.

I have also rejected Mr Budhrani’s case that he was subject to actual undue
influence “as a result of” his fears stated at [100] above. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

SOC5 at para 24(l).

127 For the reasons set out above at [109], I find that any influence over Mr
Budhrani was not undue, and any pressure was not illegitimate.

Whether the defendants made misrepresentations by way of the 5.53pm
Representations

128 Mr Budhrani claims that INTL FCStone and Ms Song falsely made the 5.53pm
Representations, viz, that a sale of 37 contracts would result in his equity
being positive without bringing in additional funds, and that a sale of the
said 37 contracts at the prevailing price of US$13.195 to US$13.20 would
result in his account having a balance of about US$60,000. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

SOC5 at para 23AA.

The defendants say that Ms Song had told Mr Budhrani that if he brought in
funds to address the initial margin requirement for 37 contracts, he would
have a positive balance of around US$60,000, after taking into account that
his equity then was in a deficit of US$226,442. They therefore deny that the
5.53pm Representations were false. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

DCC6 at para 102L; D4 at para 104F.

They also say that Mr Budhrani did not rely and/or was estopped from relying
on them. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

DCC6 at para 102O; D4 at para 104I.

Mr Budhrani’s claim in misrepresentation concerning the 10 Contracts fails
because the defendants did not make the 5.53pm Representations.

129 First, Mr Budhrani asked Ms Song for the price at which he could sell his
contracts and “not have a deficit and … just a slight gain”, and where he
“[does not] fund in anything more”. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

4ACB at Tab 129 (p 26).

I disagree, however, with Mr Budhrani’s submission that he had said “I want to
just liquidate and get out without having to top up” [emphasis added] at
00:01:00 of the 5.53pm call. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 127.

What he said then was this: “I’m just saying if you can give me that level,
I’ll put in a limit order there, and we liquidate the whole position.” I
accept, nonetheless, that, as a matter of his subjective intent, Mr Budhrani
could have been asking for the price at which he could liquidate all his
contracts without transferring any more money to his account. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 27 line 20 – p 28 line 1, p 28 lines 11–15.

But Mr Budhrani’s subjective intent in making his query is not relevant to
assessing if the 5.53pm Representations were misrepresentations. Moreover, he
did not follow up on his query by immediately liquidating all his contracts.
Instead, he decided to sell only 10 lots at US$13.20, but went on thereafter
to instruct the sale of another 10 lots at US$13.30, above the market. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

4ACB at Tab 129 (p 28).

130 Second, Ms Song testified that her understanding was that Mr Budhrani was
asking for the price at which he could sell his contracts and eradicate his
equity deficit, on condition that he provide the initial margin but no
additional funds beyond that. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 21 lines 2–19, p 23 line 18 – p 24 line 17, p 24
line 18 – p 25 line 8, p 32 lines 7–19, p 70 lines 19–20, p 71 lines 2–5, p 71
lines 10–25, p 79 line 20 – p 80 line 3.

She provided the following explanations, which I find reasonable:

(a) It was impossible for Mr Budhrani to achieve a positive balance in a
falling market without providing any additional funds. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 27 lines 8–13, p 28 lines 1–8, p 29 lines 4–24.

(b) When Mr Budhrani first asked her for the price at which he could sell his
contracts and eradicate his equity deficit, he made no mention of the
condition that he not “fund in anything more”, accordingly, she understood
that he was “not going to fund in anything addition, more than what [he had]
already arranged”. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 21 lines 12–19.

Her subjective understanding (that Mr Budhrani would bring in funds to cover
the initial margin but nothing more) alone would probably not weigh
significantly in assessing if the 5.53pm Representations were
misrepresentations. However, Mr Budhrani submits that they were
misrepresentations because Ms Song was disingenuous and her subjective
understanding was an afterthought. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 126.

As I accept Ms Song’s evidence, I reject Mr Budhrani’s submission in this
regard.

131 Third, Mr Budhrani also appears to submit that Ms Song did, during the
5.53pm call, acknowledge that Mr Budhrani made his query on the basis that he
would not bring in any money. He says that Ms Song gave the following false
evidence: 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 128.

Ms Song testified that, when she had asked “[s]o you’re asking right if you
want to sell the 37 lots, which is the price you should liquidate without
funding in any money, right?” on the call, (a) what she had meant was that he
would not fund in “any more money” [emphasis added]; and (b) probably missed
out stating that. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 30 lines 9–24, p 31 lines 14–17.

While I agree that this seems like a convenient explanation, the totality of
the evidence shows that Ms Song did communicate to Mr Budhrani that her
calculations had been made on the basis that he would transfer funds to cover
the initial margin to his account.

132 Fourth, I find that Ms Song told Mr Budhrani that a sale of 37 contracts
at the prevailing price of US$13.195 – US$13.20 would result in his equity
being positive, provided that he transfers moneys to the account to cover the
initial margin. This explains why Ms Song said “OK, in fact let’s say if
you’re going to cover now, right?” [emphasis added], to which Mr Budhrani
replied “Yeah”. She later continued to tell Mr Budhrani on the phone call:

Yeah, you should have a positive balance.

…

Yeah, because the margin we’re using is 290,000 plus, for the margin for 37
lots.

…

OK, and then now your net liquid value minus 226,442 (-226,442). So after
squaring everything, in fact you have like, maybe like 60,000 left. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

4ACB at Tab 129 (pp 27–28).

I accept Ms Song’s evidence that her mention of “cover now” meant that “if [Mr
Budhrani] was going to cover his [i]nitial [m]argin, then he would have a
positive balance of about US[$]60,000”. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

Ms Song’s AEIC at para 76; NE for 25 August 2023 at p 33 lines 9–20, p 33 line
21 – p 34 line 2; Defendants’ WCS at para 119.

Mr Budhrani says that “cover now” meant that he would sell everything, as
shown from his later question “If I sell everything now, is it?”. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 29 lines 12–15, p 32 line 1; Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at
paras 118 and 123.

No reason was advanced for his strained interpretation that “cover now” should
mean “sell everything” rather than “cover [the] [i]nitial [m]argin”. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 105 and 119.

In addition, it was evident from Ms Song’s statement thereafter that “Yeah,
because the margin we’re using is 290,000 plus, for the margin for 37 lots”,
that her representations were made on the basis that Mr Budhrani would bring
in funds to cover the initial margin. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 104.

On Mr Budhrani’s case, there would be no reason for Ms Song to explain the
quantum of the initial margin she used in her calculations, and he advances no
alternative argument for that statement.

133 Fifth, Ms Song’s calculations would not make any sense if, accepting Mr
Budhrani’s argument, she had not done them on the basis that he would pay the
initial margin. Since Mr Budhrani does not allege that her calculations were
inaccurate or illogical, and instead agreed with them, 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 30 line 25 – p 31 line 10; Defendants’ WCS at para
120.

I find that Ms Song did not make the 5.53pm Representations. For the same
reasons explained at [115] above in relation to the 5.22pm Representations, it
was impossible for Mr Budhrani to obtain a positive equity on his account
without bringing in more funds, 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

See also NE for 25 August 2023 at p 27 lines 8–13, p 28 lines 1–8, p 29 lines
4–24.

and Mr Budhrani provides no plausible alternative explanation for the
calculations (which is not premised on him bringing in additional funds). 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

Defendants’ WRCS at paras 3 and 82.

To reiterate, Ms Song’s calculations only make sense if Mr Budhrani brought in
the initial margin: 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 120.

Ms Song gave evidence that margin excess was “[t]he difference in value
between the ‘Net Liquidity Value’ [ie, equity] and the ‘Initial Margin’”, 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Ms Song’s AEIC at paras 13, 18(d) and 18(f).

which was unchallenged. Putting the numerical values given by Ms Song on the
5.53pm call: the margin excess of around US$60,000 would be the difference in
value between the equity of negative US$226,442 and the initial margin of
around US$290,000. In other words, Mr Budhrani’s equity can only go from
negative US$226,442 to around US$60,000 if there was an injection of equity of
around US$290,000. Since that increase in equity cannot possibly come from
selling contracts in a falling market, it can only be attained if Mr Budhrani
transferred funds to his account. Mr Budhrani does not anywhere allege that
her calculations (ie, as opposed to the premise concerning whether he
transfers additional funds to his account) are incorrect. This suggests that
the defendants did not make the 5.53pm Representations.

134 I therefore find that the defendants did not make the 5.53pm
Representations. That being the case, it is not necessary for me to consider
the other elements of misrepresentation, though, as I have noted above at
[120], it appears that Mr Budhrani is estopped from claiming reliance on the
5.53pm Representations even if they were made.

The 27 Contracts

Whether the defendants exercised undue influence and/or duress resulting in
liquidation of the 27 Contracts

135 I have found that the defendants did not have the capacity to influence Mr
Budhrani (at [99]–[103] above).

136 They also did not, in fact, influence or put pressure on Mr Budhrani to
sell the 27 Contracts. I have found that Mr Budhrani was not subject to undue
influence “as a result of” his fears stated at [100] above. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

SOC5 at para 24(l).

137 Mr Budhrani appears to say that the defendants influenced or exerted
pressure on him because Ms Song emphasised numerous times “that ‘Risk’ wanted
a liquidation if no payment was made by 16 March 2020”, 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 77–78.

and Ms Song called Mr Budhrani at 5.59pm with the intention of “making [Mr
Budhrani] sell his remaining 27 Contracts”. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 78; 4ACB at Tab 130. See also NE for 24 May 2023 at
p 40 line 13 – p 41 line 18, p 45 lines 13–21.

But this call was about four hours before the sale of the 27 Contracts.
Furthermore, Ms Song was unlikely to have influenced Mr Budhrani, much less
intimidated him, 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 80.

to sell the 27 Contracts on this call by making reference to the Risk team,
for two reasons. First, Mr Budhrani objected to her statement that the Risk
team wanted him to transfer moneys to the account. He said “Yeah, but there’s
supposed [to] be T+3, right? If there’s a margin, there’s supposed to be T+3…
they’re not…Even if it is a deficit, you have to give … us the time to find
[funds] right?” 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

4ACB at Tab 130 (p 35).

[emphasis added]. He was clearly capable of expressing disagreement (see also
[102] above). Second, and crucially, during that call, Ms Song tried to help
Mr Budhrani by “trying [to] get a special approval”, 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 179.

and in fact managed to do so: she eventually offered that, if he sent an email
telling INTL FCStone how much he would transfer to his account, he would be
allowed to hold on to his contracts. Mr Budhrani agreed that Ms Song had tried
to get approval for him to hold his positions. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 44 line 23 – p 45 line 1.

Finally, Mr Budhrani concedes that, following this arrangement being made, Ms
Song cancelled his order to sell the 27 Contracts on her own volition and did
not force him to sell the contracts. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 45 lines 7–12.

Accordingly, Mr Budhrani’s argument based on Ms Song’s emphasis on the what
the “Risk” team wanted on the 5.59pm call is unfounded.

138 Mr Budhrani further argues that his “fear of ‘Risk’ taking action and
making him suffer an unknown loss made [him] then call up the [d]efendants to
give instructions to dispose of the last 27 Contracts”, 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 84. See also 4ACB at Tab 139.

and that he was “completely dejected and worn out by all the illegitimate
pressure”. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 85.

He also argues that the defendants lied about “Risk” to compel him to sell his
contracts. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Mr Budhrani’s WRCS at paras 26, 50–55.

However, his testimony at trial contradicts this submission. Mr Budhrani in
fact testified that, when he gave the directions to sell the 27 Contracts at
US$13.25, 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

4ACB at Tab 133.

Ms Song did not ask him to place that order. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 17 lines 21–23; Defendants’ WCS at para 182.

Mr Budhrani also testified that when he placed the amended order on the 8.46pm
call, 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

4ACB at Tab 138.

Ms Alie had not asked him to do so. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 28 line 25 – p 29 line 2, p 29 lines 9–13;
Defendants’ WCS at para 185.

Finally, Mr Budhrani agreed that the final amendment to his order to sell the
27 Contracts (ie, this was the transacted order), on a call starting at
9.07pm, 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

4ACB at Tab 140.

was made on his own initiative. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

NE for 23 August 2023 at p 29 lines 17–21; Defendants’ WCS at para 186.

This further casts doubt on his claim that he had been influenced or pressured
by the defendants to sell the 27 Contracts.

139 I therefore find that Mr Budhrani was not influenced by the defendants to
sell the 27 Contracts.

140 In any case, any influence over Mr Budhrani was not undue, and any
pressure was not illegitimate (at [109]). Mr Budhrani submits that Ms Alie and
Ms Song concocted the lie that the Risk team was putting pressure on Mr
Budhrani to sell his contracts, 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 82, 87–89.

but does not explain how this shows that there was undue influence or duress.
To the extent he seeks to thereby suggest that the defendants’ actions were
undue or illegitimate, I disagree. He does not explain why an alleged lie by
the defendants pertaining to the Risk Team’s position should mean that the
influence or pressure was undue or illegitimate, respectively.

Whether the defendants made misrepresentations by way of the 6.33pm and 8.46pm
Representations

141 Mr Budhrani further claims that the defendants falsely made:

(a) the 6.33pm Representation that his equity would not be in deficit if he
placed a limit order at US$13.25; and

(b) the 8.46pm Representation that he could incur an estimated loss of
US$40,000 or less if he placed a limit order at US$13. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

SOC5 at para 29.

It must be noted here that Mr Budhrani’s case was that the 6.33pm and 8.46pm
Representations were made on the basis that no additional funds from him were
necessary. In other words, the 6.33pm Representation was that solely by
placing a limit order at US$13.25, this would eradicate his deficit, and the
8.46pm Representation was that, solely by placing a limit order at US$13, this
would result in an estimated loss of US$40,000 or less. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

RDCC3 at para 57(d); R3 at para 59(d).

He says that if he sold the 27 Contracts at US$12.80, US$13 or US$13.25, he
would incur losses of US$278,222.60, US$251,222.60 and US$217,472.60
respectively. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

SOC5 at para 32.

The defendants deny making the 6.33pm and 8.46pm Representations. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

DCC6 at para 106; D4 at para 108.

Instead, they say that when Ms Song made the 6.33pm Representation and Ms Alie
made the 8.46pm Representation, they had taken into account the funds that Mr
Budhrani said he would bring into the account to address the margin shortfall.
387

##### Foot Note 387

×

DCC6 at para 106(e); D4 at para 108(e).

(1) The 6.33pm Representation was not made

142 I find that the defendants did not make the 6.33pm Representation.

143 First, I repeat my reasoning set out at [115]–[116]. At the time of the
6.33pm call, Mr Budhrani’s account was still in an equity deficit. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 79 line 19 – p 80 line 1, p 80 line 7 – p 81 line 24.

I add to the aforementioned reasoning that I am, however, reluctant to accept
Ms Song’s calculations 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

Ms Song’s AEIC at paras 89–93; Defendants’ WCS at para 123.

as evidence of the equity of Mr Budhrani’s account during the 6.33pm call.
None of the numbers in her calculations match the numbers she told to Mr
Budhrani on the 6.33pm conversation, and are in any case approximations based
on numbers obtained through Mr Lee’s calculations. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

Mr Lee’s AEIC at para 169.

Nevertheless, this does not detract from my reasoning that, since Mr Budhrani
does not object to the accuracy of Ms Song’s calculations on the 6.33pm call,
and those calculations only make sense on the basis that he would bring in
funds to cover the initial margin, 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Defendants’ WCS at paras 123–124; Defendants’ WRCS at paras 3 and 82.

it is more likely that Ms Song did not make the 6.33pm Representation.

144 Second, I accept Ms Song’s unchallenged evidence that she had, prior to
the 6.33pm call, confirmed with Mr Budhrani that he would be bringing in the
initial margin. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

NE for 25 August 2023 at p 82 line 14 – p 83 line 9.

I note that on the 6.22pm call immediately preceding the 6.33pm call, Mr
Budhrani had told Ms Song that he was trying to transfer funds into the
account. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

4ACB at Tab 132 (p 44).

Therefore, when she answered Mr Budhrani’s query by stating that “That will be
like [US$]13.25”, it cannot be said that she represented that selling the
remaining contracts at US$13.25 alone would eradicate the equity deficit.

(2) The 8.46pm Representation was not made

145 I find that Ms Alie did not make the 8.46pm Representation.

146 First, Mr Budhrani misstates what Ms Alie told him. His case is that Ms
Alie said that he would incur an estimated loss of US$40,000 or less if he
placed a limit order at US$13. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at paras 129–130.

However, what she said was:

Uh, let’s say the 27 lots you square off at [US]$13, then the account for
th[e] equity will be down by 40K. Around that level. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

4ACB at Tab 138.

[emphasis added]

The “US$40,000” figure was thus the difference in equity if Mr Budhrani sold
his contracts at US$13 instead of US$13.25, not the equity he would finally
arrive at. 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 110 line 21 – p 111 line 22; Defendants’ WCS at
para 124.

This was a fair and reasonable response to Mr Budhrani’s query posed in the
preceding call at 8.41pm: “OK, my limit at 13.25, if I lower to 13 even, then
what will be my deficit?”. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

4ACB at Tab 137.

I do not think that, given how he had posed his query, Ms Alie’s response had
to provide his equity deficit, and the US$40,000 figure therefore could not be
the difference in equity instead. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

NE for 24 May 2023 at p 74 lines 8–13.

Mr Budhrani’s misapprehension of what was said to him cannot constitute a
misrepresentation on Ms Alie’s part.

147 Mr Budhrani makes the curious submission that, since Ms Alie had said
during a 5.36pm call that “Marked to the market right now, you have a negative
of 40,000. Around there”, she therefore made the 8.46pm Representation to Mr
Budhrani. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 129; 4ACB at Tab 125.

Clearly, in mentioning the term “negative”, she had told Mr Budhrani that he
had an equity deficit of around US$40,000, rather than telling him that he
would have an equity of US$40,000 if he sold the remaining contracts at a
particular price. Further, Mr Budhrani fails to explain how Ms Alie’s
statements on the 5.36pm call is evidence of her alleged misrepresentation on
the 8.46pm call.

148 Second, I note that Ms Alie did not explain the basis of her calculations
during and immediately after the 10.30pm call 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

4ACB at Tab 141; NE for 24 August 2023 at p 116 lines 6–17, p 117 lines 3–4, p
140 line 23 – p 141 line 6, p 141 lines 7–13.

and told Mr Lee that “[Mr Budhrani] will [be] against [Ms Alie] and [Ms Song]
… For giving wrong advi[c]e on the prices” via a text conversation on
WhatsApp. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

Mr Lee’s Second Supplemental AEIC at p 43.

However, I do not think that these aspects of her evidence are materially
adverse to her case. I accept her evidence that she was tired as it was
already late at night. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

NE for 24 August 2023 at p 116 lines 6–17, p 117 lines 3–4.

Crucially, the weight of the evidence suggests that she did not make
misrepresentations to Mr Budhrani. Further in this connection, I briefly
address Mr Budhrani’s point that the defendants withheld WhatsApp text
conversations between Mr Lee and Ms Alie (the “WhatsApp Chats”) which include
the abovementioned message from Ms Alie: 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 12.

Mr Lee claimed that he had thought that the WhatsApp Chats were personal
messages and were not relevant, and no one had asked him to disclose them. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

Mr Lee’s Second Supplemental AEIC at para 9; NE for 23 August 2023 at p 119
lines 1–25.

This was not a particularly convincing explanation for the delay in disclosing
the WhatsApp Chats, but I do not find that this significantly reduces the
credibility of the defence. 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

Mr Budhrani’s WCS at para 15.

The WhatsApp Chats were promptly disclosed after their existence was raised at
trial 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 35.

and they did not contain pivotal evidence. There was no real advantage to be
gained by the defendants in withholding or delaying the disclosure of such
evidence.

149 I therefore find that the defendants did not make the 6.33pm and 8.46pm
Representations. It is not necessary for me to consider the other elements of
misrepresentation, though, as I have noted above at [120], it appears that Mr
Budhrani is estopped from claiming reliance on the 6.33pm and 8.46pm
Representations even if they were made.

Conclusion on the 66 Contracts

150 I therefore find that all of Mr Budhrani’s claims in relation to the 66
Contracts – in undue influence, duress, misrepresentation and negligence –
have not been proved and must thus fail. His claims in conspiracy and
vicarious liability are dismissed accordingly as well.

Whether Mr Budhrani is liable to INTL FCStone for US$198,222.60, and interest
thereon

The parties’ cases

151 INTL FCStone makes a counterclaim for loss and damages of US$198,222.60,
and interest thereon, arising from Mr Budhrani’s breach of the Customer
Agreement and the Client Agreement.

152 INTL FCStone avers that it issued to Mr Budhrani a daily statement dated
17 March 2020 (the “17 March DS”) which reflected a deficit of US$198,222.60
in Mr Budhrani’s account. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

DCC6 at para 133.

According to clause 1.29.2 of the Client Agreement, a daily statement dated 16
March 2020 (the “16 March DS”) and the 17 March DS are deemed to be conclusive
and binding against Mr Budhrani, and he is not entitled to now object to them.
408

##### Foot Note 408

×

DCC6 at para 134.

I reproduce clause 1.29.2 of the Client Agreement here:

1.29.2 Each such statement, Confirmation and advice shall be deemed conclusive
and binding against [Mr Budhrani], who shall not be entitled to object thereto
and who shall be deemed to have ratified all matters therein stated, unless
[Mr Budhrani] makes any objection known to [INTL FCStone] within five (5)
Business Days after despatch of such statement, Confirmation or advice to [Mr
Budhrani] … 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

3ACB at Tab 5 (p 34).

Pursuant to clause 11 of the Customer Agreement, Mr Budhrani is liable for any
debit balance, including interest thereon, owing on and/or any deficiency, in
the event of liquidation, remaining in his account, as well as all costs of
collection. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

DCC6 at para 136; 2ACB at Tab 1 (p 11).

Further, pursuant to clause 1.20 of the Client Agreement and clause 28 of the
Customer Agreement, Mr Budhrani is required to indemnify INTL FCStone from and
against any costs, expenses, loss and liabilities, including any deficit
incurred in his account. 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

DCC6 at para 138.

However, he failed, refused and/or neglected to pay INTL FCStone the sum of
US$198,222.60 and/or indemnify INTL FCStone against the aforesaid deficit. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

DCC6 at para 139.

153 Mr Budhrani denies the counterclaim. Mr Budhrani pleads that he
unequivocally objected to the 16 March DS by way of a letter from his
solicitor dated 17 March 2020, in respect of which INTL FCStone acknowledged
receipt. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

RDCC3 at paras 46 and 71(a); R3 at para 46.

On that basis, he says that subsequent statements based on the 16 March DS
have been objected to and/or are deemed to have been objected to. He therefore
denies that he did not object to the 17 March DS. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

RDCC3 at para 71(b).

Further and/or in the alternative, Mr Budhrani pleads that INTL FCStone
“cannot rely on its own wrong and/or undue influence and/or misrepresentation
(fraudulent or otherwise)”. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

RDCC3 at para 72.

He also says that the counterclaim is denied because INTL FCStone was in
default. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

RDCC3 at para 74.

He denies that any moneys are owed to INTL FCStone and avers that his
US$80,000 was wrongly used to pay a portion of his purported debt to INTL
FCStone. 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

RDCC3 at para 47.

154 I therefore consider the following issues:

(a) whether Mr Budhrani was entitled to, and did, object to the 16 March DS
and 17 March DS; and

(b) whether INTL FCStone wrongly used Mr Budhrani’s US$80,000 to pay a portion
of his purported debt to them.

Whether Mr Budhrani was entitled to, and did, object to the 16 March DS and 17
March DS

155 Mr Budhrani says that he objected to the 16 March DS by way of a letter
from his solicitor dated 17 March 2020. This appears to refer to a letter from
Mr Budhrani’s counsel to INTL FCStone dated 17 March 2020 (the “17 March
Letter”). 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

4ACB at Tab 187.

He claims that he “unequivocally objected to [the 16 March DS]” 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

RDCC3 at para 71(a).

and “den[ied]” 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

RDCC3 at para 71(b).

it since the said letter states:

5\. Kindly note that our client takes issue with the sale of the Contracts
which had led to the purported loss of USD 278,222.60. In this respect, kindly
let us have the contract between your good office and our client and the
relevant terms and conditions governing the Contracts by no later than close
of business 20 March 2020.

6\. Until having sight of the said contract and our client informing you of
his position in respect of the sale of the Contracts, we trust that it would
be apropos for parties to hold their hands in respect of the matter.

[emphasis added]

156 In my view, this does not amount to an objection, much less an unequivocal
one, to the 17 March DS, on which INTL FCStone bases its counterclaim.

157 First, according to the 17 March Letter, although Mr Budhrani did say that
he “takes issue with the sale of the Contracts which had led to the purported
loss of USD 278,222.60”, he also did not yet inform INTL FCStone “of his
position in respect of the sale of the Contracts” as indicated in paragraph 6
of the 17 March Letter. Although the defendants appear to accept that Mr
Budhrani contested liability, 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

Defendants’ WCS at para 266.

I do not think the 17 March Letter rises to the level of an unambiguous
objection. It remained unclear what exactly he was taking issue with as far as
the sale of the contracts was concerned.

158 Second, the 17 March Letter does not contain any mention of the 17 March
DS, let alone any unequivocal objection to it. I also note that the 17 March
DS appears to have been sent to Mr Budhrani on 18 March 2020 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

Agreed Core Bundle of Documents Volume 5 at Tab 188.

and he could not have objected to it before it was even sent or received. I
therefore find that he did not object to the 17 March DS.

159 Third, Mr Budhrani argues that all subsequent daily statements based on
the 16 March DS should be deemed to have been objected to, 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

RDCC3 at para 71(b).

but he gives no reasons in support of this proposition.

160 I reject Mr Budhrani’s argument that INTL FCStone cannot rely on the
Client Agreement “as [INTL FCStone] cannot rely on its own wrong and/or undue
influence and/or misrepresentation”. 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

RDCC3 at para 72.

I have found that INTL FCStone has not committed any of the aforementioned
acts.

161 In the circumstances, Mr Budhrani is, on the basis of his non-objection to
the 17 March DS, liable to INTL FCStone for US$198,222.60, and interest
thereon. I disagree that INTL FCStone’s counterclaim should fail because INTL
FCStone “is a party in default”. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

RDCC3 at para 74.

I have found that INTL FCStone has not defaulted on any of its obligations.

Whether INTL FCStone wrongly used Mr Budhrani’s US$80,000 to pay a portion of
his purported debt to them

162 Mr Budhrani asserts that his US$80,000 was wrongly used to pay a portion
of his purported debt to INTL FCStone. His only explanation for this is by way
of the allegation that no moneys were owed to INTL FCStone. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

RDCC3 at para 47.

Given my finding that he did owe INTL FCStone moneys, this argument cannot
stand.

Conclusion

163 Mr Budhrani’s claims are unfortunately misconceived. As an experienced
investor and an accredited investor, he should have well understood the
implications of a rapidly falling market and a margin call on his margin
trading account in the highly volatile market environment at the material
time. The liquidation of his silver futures contracts arose from his own
actions under extreme market pressure. The deficit in his account remained
outstanding as he did not bring in additional funds, despite having told the
defendants that he would. The defendants acted within their contractual rights
and Mr Budhrani’s loss must therefore lie where it falls.

164 I therefore find that all of Mr Budhrani’s claims are not made out. I find
that there was no undue influence, duress, misrepresentation, breach of
contract or breach of a duty of care on the part of the defendants. I also
determine that the defendants’ counterclaim is well-founded and they are
entitled to judgment for the sum of US$198,222.60 and interest thereon as
pleaded, at the rate of 2% per calendar month from 16 March 2020 until the
date of payment.

165 Costs should follow the event, and the defendants are entitled to costs in
this action. I will hear the parties separately on costs.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Gabriel Peter, Manoj Nandwani and Sameer Melber (Gabriel Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;

Disa Sim, Torsten Cheong and Jodi Siah (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Jan 2024 (12:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

