Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 54

Originating Application No 1057 of 2023

Between

| Sacofa Sdn Bhd  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| Super Sea Cable Networks Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| SEAX Malaysia Sdn Bhd  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Arbitration — Award — Recourse against award — Setting aside — Competing
arbitration and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses —Whether tribunal exceeded
its jurisdiction]

[Arbitration — Award — Recourse against award — Setting aside — Whether award
contravened foreign law and public policy — Whether award contravened
Singapore public policy]

[Arbitration — Conduct of arbitration — Estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sacofa Sdn Bhd

  
v

  

Super Sea Cable Networks Pte Ltd and another

[2024] SGHC 54

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 1057 of 2023  
Wong Li Kok, Alex JC  
23 January, 26 February 2024

28 February 2024

Wong Li Kok, Alex JC:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the claimant to set aside arbitral award No 089
of 2023 dated 14 July 2023 (the “Award”) made in the SIAC Arbitration No 304
of 2022 (the “Arbitration”) by the sole arbitrator (the “Tribunal”). The
dispute between the parties originally arose out of a telecommunications
project in Malaysia. The claimant contracted with the first respondent to
build and operate a telecommunications cable system to be landed in Malaysia
from Singapore. The relationship soured when the claimant re-entered the land
on which the system was to be built. The claimant stated that the first
respondent did not have the requisite regulatory licences to undertake the
project.

2 A key issue between the parties concerned the conflicting dispute resolution
clauses in contracts between the parties and which contract formed the centre
of gravity in the parties’ dispute. Ancillary to that arose issues surrounding
illegality and public policy in Malaysia and whether such illegality and
public policy concerns would also be in conflict with Singapore public policy.
Finally and as a result of numerous parallel proceedings between the parties
in Malaysian courts, the issue of transnational issue estoppel also had to be
addressed.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 The claimant is a Malaysian company in the business of providing
telecommunications infrastructure. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2nd affidavit of K Prasad A/L S. Krishnapillai dated 9 November 2023 (“2KSK”)
at para 4.

It is a registered proprietor of a plot of land located in Mukim Jemaluang,
Mersing, Johor and described as No PTD 1623 (the “Land”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2KSK at para 4.

A cable landing station (the “Landing Station”) on the Land was operated by
the claimant. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st affidavit of Louis Teng Bingquan dated 21 November 2023 (“LTB”) at para
10.

4 The first respondent, a Singaporean company, owns the second respondent, a
Malaysian company (collectively, the “respondents”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2KSK at para 5.

The respondents operate an undersea telecommunications cable system between
Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LTB at para 8.

5 The claimant and the first respondent were parties to a Strategic Alliance
Agreement dated 20 December 2013 (the “SAA”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st affidavit of K Prasad A/L S. Krishnapillai dated 13 October 2023 (“1KSK”)
at para 8.

Under the SAA, the claimant agreed to allow the first respondent to build and
operate the Containerised Cable System (the “CCS”) and other related equipment
(the “Built Facilities”) on the Landing Station. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LTB at para 14.

The SAA also contained an arbitration agreement. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1KSK at p 122.

While the second respondent was not a party to the SAA, it was nominated by
the first respondent as the licensed third party to whom ownership of the
Built Facilities would be transferred under the SAA. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LTB at paras 14 and 17.

The second respondent also contributed to the building, maintenance and
payment of the Built Facilities. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LTB at para 15.

6 Pursuant to the SAA, the claimant and the first respondent entered into a
lease agreement dated 1 January 2019 (the “LA”) for the claimant to lease a
portion of the Land (the “Demised Land”) to the first respondent. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2KSK at para 7.

Under the LA, the parties agreed to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Malaysian courts. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1KSK at p 207.

7 The parties’ relationship proceeded as planned under the SAA up till October
2022. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1KSK at p 68.

The respondents were given access to the Landing Station for inspection and
maintenance work on the Built Facilities. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

LTB at para 24.

On 15 October 2022, the claimant re-entered the Demised Land and prevented the
respondents from accessing the Demised Land and the Built Facilities on it. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LTB at para 24.

This was on the basis that the first respondent had allegedly, contrary to its
obligation under the LA, failed to obtain the requisite state consent to
operate from the Demised Land. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2KSK at para 8.

Procedural history

8 On 25 October 2022, the claimant commenced, in the Johor Bahru High Court
(the “JBHC”), Suit No JA-22NCvC-162-10/2022 (the “JBHC Suit”) against the
respondents. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2KSK at para 9.

The claimant sought, amongst others, (a) a declaration that the LA is illegal,
unlawful and/or null and void, and (b) an injunction to restrain the
respondents from entering, accessing and taking possession of the Demised
Land. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1KSK at pp 336−337.

9 On 18 November 2022, the respondents applied for a stay of the JBHC Suit in
favour of an arbitration. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2KSK at para 10.

This was dismissed by the JBHC on the ground that there was no arbitration
agreement under the LA. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2KSK at para 10.

10 On 6 December 2022, the respondents commenced the Arbitration against the
claimant pursuant to the arbitration agreement in the SAA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LTB at para 31.

In the Arbitration, the respondents pleaded a claim for conversion of the
Built Facilities. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

LTB at para 32.

While the Tribunal found that it had no jurisdiction over the second
respondent (since the second respondent was not a party to the SAA and the
arbitration agreement contained therein), 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1KSK at para 56.5.

it ruled in favour of the first respondent, ordering, amongst others, a
delivery-up of the Built Facilities to the licensed third party nominated by
the first respondent (ie, the second respondent). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1KSK at para 56.11.

11 On 17 March 2023, the claimant applied for an anti-arbitration injunction
in the JBHC Suit to restrain the respondents from continuing with the
Arbitration pending conclusion of the JBHC Suit. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2KSK at para 11.

The basis for the application was that the issues submitted to the Arbitration
overlapped with those in the JBHC Suit. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

LTB at para 42.

On 7 May 2023, the JBHC dismissed the application without issuing any written
grounds. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LTB at para 51.

12 The claimant then appealed against the JBHC’s dismissal of the anti-
arbitration injunction application. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

LTB at para 52.

Concurrently, the claimant filed a motion to seek an injunction restraining
the respondents from continuing the Arbitration pending determination of the
anti-arbitration injunction appeal. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

LTB at para 55.

Once again, the claimant relied on the overlap between the JBHC Suit and the
Arbitration. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LTB at paras 52 and 55.

Both the motion and the appeal were dismissed by the Court of Appeal of
Malaysia (the “Malaysian CA”) on 15 June 2023 and 7 July 2023 respectively,
without any written grounds for dismissal. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LTB at paras 56−57.

13 On 21 August 2023, the first respondent obtained an order from the Kuala
Lumpur High Court (the “KLHC”) to register and enforce the Award (the “KLHC
Decision”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1KSK at para 58.

The claimant’s appeal against this order remains pending to date. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1KSK at para 60.

On 30 August 2023, the claimant applied to stay the enforcement of the Award
until the conclusion of the pending appeal against the KLHC Decision. This
stay application has been dismissed by both the KLHC, and the Malaysian CA on
appeal. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

LTB at paras 69−70 and 73.

14 On 13 October 2023, the claimant brought the present application to set
aside the Award in this court.

The parties’ cases

The claimant’s case

15 The claimant relied on two grounds to set aside the Award:

(a) Under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (the “Model Law”), the Award deals with a dispute not
contemplated by or not falling within the terms of the submission to the
Arbitration, or contains decisions on matters beyond the scope of the
submission to the Arbitration (the “Excess of Jurisdiction Ground”); and

(b) Under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, the Award is in conflict with the
public policy of Singapore (the “Public Policy Ground”).

16 As to the Excess of Jurisdiction Ground, the claimant argued that the
Tribunal exceeded his jurisdiction by deciding on a claim for the tort of
conversion. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 18 January 2024 (“CWS”) at paras 18 and
38.

This was because the Tribunal had touched on the right to access the Demised
Land, which fell under the LA and had to be resolved in the JBHC Suit. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

CWS at paras 28 and 36.

The remedy of delivery-up granted in the Award also impacted the parties’
rights under the LA. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

CWS at para 45.

Specifically, the claimant argued that the practical effect of the remedy
would result in the parties directly contravening the ad interim order granted
by the JBHC. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

CWS at para 47.

Therefore, the remedy of delivery-up was beyond the scope of submission to the
Tribunal.

17 As for the Public Policy Ground, the claimant contended that the Tribunal’s
finding that the first respondent was the beneficial owner of the Built
Facilities was illegal under Malaysian law. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

CWS at para 56.

This was contrary to the public policy of Malaysia, and in turn contrary to
Singapore’s public policy. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CWS at para 54.

18 Pre-empting the respondents’ position that res judicata applies, the
claimant submitted that it had been unable to raise its illegality objections
during the Arbitration because the respondents had not pleaded clearly that
the first respondent was the beneficial owner of the Built Facilities.

19 As to the respondents’ argument that transnational issue estoppel arises,
the claimant raised two main counter-arguments. First, the court should not
elevate the KLHC Decision, which is the decision of an enforcement court, to
that of a seat court. Secondly, the KLHC Decision is not a final and
conclusive decision on the merits. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CWS at para 88.

The respondents’ case

20 The respondents argued that the Tribunal did not exceed his jurisdiction
because the claim for conversion was more closely connected to the SAA, and no
determination was made on the LA at all. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondents’ Written Submissions dated 18 January 2024 (“RWS”) at para 9.

As for the relief of delivery-up, it was consequential upon a finding that the
conversion claim was established.

21 With respect to the Public Policy Ground, it was argued that the court
cannot make findings on Malaysian law without any expert evidence on Malaysian
law. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RWS at para 78.

The Singapore court was also not in a position to make a determination on
Malaysian public policy. In any event, the alleged illegality did not satisfy
the high threshold to establish a breach of Singapore public policy. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RWS at paras 92−94.

Under the doctrine of res judicata, the claimant’s illegality objections
should have been raised in the Arbitration, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RWS at para 86.

since the respondents had explicitly pleaded that either the first or the
second respondent should have beneficial ownership.

22 The respondents also argued that transnational issue estoppel applied. The
claimant’s jurisdictional objections had been dismissed by the JBHC and the
Malaysian CA in the claimant’s application for an anti-arbitration injunction,
and in the KLHC Decision. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

RWS at paras 66−67.

The KLHC Decision had also dismissed the claimant’s illegality objections. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

RWS at para 80.

According to the respondents, these Malaysian court decisions ought to have
persuasive effect. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

RWS at paras 70 and 85.

Hence, the claimant was estopped from raising its objections in this
application.

Issues to be determined

23 Based on the parties’ submissions, the following issues arise:

(a) in relation to the Excess of Jurisdiction Ground, (i) whether the centre
of gravity of the claim for conversion lay in the SAA or the LA, (ii) whether
the claim for conversion was inextricably linked to the LA (and cannot arise
solely from the SAA), and (iii) whether the remedy of delivery-up was within
the Tribunal’s jurisdiction;

(b) in relation to the Public Policy Ground, (i) whether the Award was in
furtherance of an illegal act under Malaysian law and hence against the public
policy of Singapore, and (ii) whether the doctrine of res judicata applied to
estop the claimant from raising its illegality objections; and

(c) finally, under the doctrine of transnational issue estoppel, whether the
claimant was estopped from raising its jurisdictional and/or illegality
objections in this application.

Issue 1: The Tribunal did not exceed his jurisdiction

24 The issue of whether the Tribunal has exceeded his jurisdiction arises
because of the two competing dispute resolution clauses under the two inter-
connected contracts (ie, the SAA and the LA) governing the parties’
relationship. Where a dispute potentially falls within the ambit of either
dispute resolution clause, the courts’ task is to determine where the centre
of gravity of the dispute lies (Oei Hong Leong v Goldman Sachs International
[2014] 3 SLR 1217 (“Oei Hong Leong”) at [30]). Oei Hong Leong was an analogous
case involving a stay of proceedings under the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed). The defendant sought a stay of proceedings in favour
of arbitration, contending that the claims fell within the scope of the
arbitration agreement. The claimant objected to the stay on the basis that a
non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in another contract applied instead. This
court held that the test is which dispute resolution clause the parties
objectively intended to apply (Oei Hong Leong at [25]−[26]). To determine
this, the court must locate the “centre of gravity of the dispute” or the
“pith and substance of the dispute as it appears from the circumstances in
evidence” (Oei Hong Leong at [30] and [36]). In other words, as put in
Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd v Burgundy Global Exploration
Corp [2010] 2 SLR 821 (“Transocean”) at [26]:

… Where a claim arose out of or was more closely connected with one agreement
than the other, the claim ought to be subject to the dispute resolution regime
contained in the former agreement, even if the latter was, on a literal
reading, wide enough to cover the claim … [emphasis added]

The centre of gravity of the claim for conversion lay in the SAA

25 I agreed with the respondents that the centre of gravity of the conversion
claim lay in the SAA. Looking at the parties’ transaction as a whole, the SAA
was the governing heart of the commercial relationship between the parties.
Recital (C) of the Preamble to the SAA provided as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1KSK at p 105.

… Both Parties are keen to create a strategic alliance, whereby [the first
respondent] will extend it’s [sic] Super Sea Cable System into Malaysia by
utilizing [the claimant]’s Landing Station in Mersing, Johor and its name in
order to provision Bandwidth Service to telecommunications service providers
and other related operators, in consideration thereof, SSCN shall provide
SACOFA with the agreed Bandwidth Capacity, subject to the terms and conditions
hereinafter appearing.

26 Clause 3.2(b) of the SAA deals with the scope of the SAA and states that
the claimant was “to allow the [first respondent] to access and utilize [the
claimant]’s space within the specified area of the Landing Station”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1KSK at p 109.

Subsequent clauses elaborate on the claimant’s obligations, and I highlight
the salient ones. Under cl 4.1, the claimant was obliged to allow the first
respondent to access and utilise the claimant’s facilities “within the
specified Landing Station at all times”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1KSK at p 110.

Under cl 4.2, the claimant agreed to “permit [the first respondent] a
specified portion of the land within the specified Landing Station” for the
setting up of the CCS. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1KSK at p 110.

The claimant was also obliged under cl 4.3 to allow the Super Sea Cable System
to land in the CCS “located in the Landing Station”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1KSK at p 110.

Pursuant to cl 4.8, the claimant was to provide the first respondent with a
standard operating procedure “for access to the Landing Station”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1KSK at p 110.

Finally, under cl 6.1, the claimant was to hand over the ownership of the
Built Facilities to a licensed third party nominated by the first respondent
(ie, the second respondent). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1KSK at p 113.

27 I pause to make a brief observation that the SAA addresses the first
respondent’s right to access the Landing Station, to set up the CCS (which is
a part of the Built Facilities) on the Landing Station, and to land the Super
Sea Cable System in the CCS. The SAA also deals with the second respondent’s
role as a nominated party to whom the ownership of the Built Facilities would
be transferred. But, as the claimant’s counsel pointed out during the hearing,
the SAA is silent on the leasing of the Demised Land and other related issues
such as rent. This is addressed in the LA instead. The Preamble to the LA
explains that the agreement deals with the lease of the Demised Land from the
claimant to the first respondent. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1KSK at p 202.

Crucially, the Preamble also states that the LA was entered into by the
parties “[p]ursuant to the strategic alliance” established under the SAA. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1KSK at p 202.

Another agreement which was entered into “[p]ursuant to the strategic
alliance” in the SAA is a Service Agreement dated 14 October 2020 (the “SA”)
for the first respondent’s provision of bandwidth capacity to the claimant. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1KSK at p 217.

While the SA is not directly relevant to this case, the respondents pointed
out that cl 1.3 of the SA is significant in identifying the SAA as the
highest-ranking agreement by reference to which any inconsistencies amongst
the three contracts are to be resolved, albeit not conclusive of the SAA being
the centre of gravity of the dispute. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RWS at para 27, 1KSK at pp 220−221.

28 Against this backdrop, I turn to the competing dispute resolution clauses.
Clause 25 of the SAA (as modified by the 2nd Novation & Supplementary
Agreement between the claimant and the first respondent dated 7 December 2017)
is a widely framed arbitration clause, providing that: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1KSK at pp 122−123 and 156.

25.1 If a dispute (of any kind whatsoever) arises between the Parties in
connection with, or arising out of, the Agreement [ie, the SAA] or the
performance of the obligations of the Parties, then either Party shall be
entitled to give the other Party a notice of dispute adequately identifying
the details of the dispute.

25.2 If a dispute has not been resolved within thirty (30) Days of the service
of the notice of dispute, either Party may, by notice, refer the dispute to
arbitration.

25.3 Any dispute shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the
current applicable rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre
(“SIAC”) …

29 The jurisdiction clause found in cl 13.0 of the LA states as follows: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1KSK at p 207.

This Agreement and its validity, construction and performances shall be
governed in all respects in accordance with the Law of Malaysia and the
Parties hereof hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Court of
Malaysia. [emphasis added]

30 The parties’ objective intention was to resolve issues “of any kind
whatsoever” relating to the strategic alliance through arbitration. The
narrower issues of “validity, construction and performances” of the LA were
carved out of the more generally applicable arbitration agreement for
determination before the Malaysian courts. Such an arrangement in commercial
transactions of this nature is common. This is particularly prevalent where
one of the agreements in the wider transaction involves the land on which a
particular project is sited. These agreements are typically governed by the
law of the jurisdiction where the land is situated with disputes resolved by
the local courts.

31 In Silverlink Resorts Ltd v MS First Capital Insurance Ltd [2021] 3 SLR
1422 (“Silverlink”), the insurance policy concerned contained, amongst others,
two clauses relevant to the present discussion. The first was an arbitration
clause, which stipulated that “[a]ny dispute arising out of or in connection
with this contract” would be referred to arbitration. The second was a
jurisdiction clause, which provided for “any dispute … regarding the
interpretation or the application of” the policy to be submitted to the
Singapore courts. This court held that the objective intention of the parties
was to carve out, from the arbitration clause, disputes relating to the
interpretation or application of the policy (Silverlink at [51]). This “made
commercial sense because such disputes may be resolved effectively,
efficaciously and efficiently through the originating summons procedure”
(Silverlink at [58]). Similarly, in the present case, it made perfect
commercial sense to deal with matters relating to the LA before the Malaysian
courts – the LA concerned the lease of land in Malaysia and attracted
territory-specific regulatory matters such as land registration, taxes and
local authority rates, which would be resolved most efficaciously and
appropriately by the Malaysian courts. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

RWS at para 35.

32 In light of the above, while I agreed with the claimant that that the LA
played an important role in the parties’ strategic alliance, I did not agree
that “it would have been impossible to give effect to the SAA” without the LA
which was “the operative heart” of the parties’ agreement. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

CWS at para 20.

While the two must co-exist, the LA was an ancillary agreement facilitating
the strategic alliance created by the SAA. Looking at the chronology of
events, the parties had entered into the SAA first, and by the time the LA was
executed almost 5 years later, the Built Facilities were already installed on
the Demised Land. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

LTB at p 106.

The LA does not deal with ownership and/or possession of the Built Facilities.
In fact, it refers to the definition of the Built Facilities in the SAA. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1KSK at p 204.

Considering also the broad ambit of the arbitration clause in the SAA, I found
that the claim for conversion for the Built Facilities was “more closely
connected with” the SAA than the LA (Transocean at [26]).

The claim for conversion was not inextricably linked to the LA

33 Even if the parties’ objective intention was for the arbitration clause to
apply to the dispute, was it possible for the Tribunal to deal with the
conversion claim without engaging the LA? In my view, the Tribunal was right
in finding that the conversion claim could “arise independently of any
questions surrounding access to the [Demised Land] which would arise under the
[LA]”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1KSK at p 77.

I explain with reference to the two elements of conversion that the Tribunal
had to examine in the Arbitration: (a) the immediate right of possession
and/or ownership of the Built Facilities; and (b) any interference with such
rights of possession and/or ownership. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1KSK at p 77.

34 On the first element, to establish the right of possession to the Built
Facilities, the respondents relied on two clauses of the SAA. The first was
the claimant’s obligation under cl 4.1 of the SAA (see [26] above). The second
was the respondent’s concomitant obligation under cl 5.5 of the same to
maintain the CCS in good operating conditions. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

LTB at p 119.

Still on the first element, the respondents’ right of ownership of the Built
Facilities was pleaded based on factors such as the respondents’ contribution
to the funding of the Built Facilities and the presence of the second
respondent’s logo on the CCS. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LTB at pp 129−130.

None of these relate to the LA. In fact, as the Tribunal observed, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

1KSK at p 77.

the claimant’s own submission on the issue of ownership of the Built
Facilities was premised upon the SAA. In its arguments on that point, the
claimant had cited cl 6.1 of the SAA, which provided that the Built Facilities
“shall be under [its] ownership” until the said ownership is to be handed over
to the second respondent. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1KSK at p 113.

35 Hence, it was entirely possible to deal with the first element of
conversion without any reference to issues arising out of the LA, and the
Tribunal’s eventual finding was indeed premised only on the SAA. Specifically,
cl 6.2 of the SAA provided that the first respondent would identify the
licensed third party to whom ownership of the Built Facilities will be handed
over. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

1KSK at p 113.

Relying on this, the Tribunal found that the first respondent was the
beneficial owner of the Built Facilities because the claimant “at any time …
could be required to transfer said facilities to a third party nominated by
the [first respondent] for zero consideration”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

1KSK at p 82.

36 More controversial is the second element of conversion. To establish this,
the respondents relied on the claimant’s “refusal to permit the [respondents]
to access [the] Built Facilities” and its act of “taking control of the
locking mechanisms to [the] Built Facilities”, which were all allegedly in
breach of cll 3.2(b), 4.1 and/or 4.2 of the SAA. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1KSK at pp 75−76.

However, according to the claimant, the act of dominion did not merely concern
padlocking of the Built Facilities, but also other acts such as re-entering
the Demised Land and denying the respondents access to the same. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

CWS at para 42.

Hence, whether the claimant was justified in interfering with the respondents’
alleged rights of possession and/or ownership over the Built Facilities
“fundamentally turns on” the validity of the LA [emphasis in original]. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

CWS at para 32.

If the LA is invalid, then the respondents would not even be entitled to
access the Demised Land on which the Built Facilities lie. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

CWS at paras 32 and 37.

If the LA is invalid, it also cannot be said that the claimant was wrongful in
exercising acts of dominion over the Built Facilities. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

CWS at paras 32 and 37.

The claimant explained that this was because whether there is an act of
conversion depends on which party has a superior right of possession. Hence,
if the chattel is on a piece of land which the landowner can deny the owner of
the chattel from accessing, the former would have a better possessory right
over the chattel. The claimant added that even if the first respondent had a
superior possessory right under the SAA, the LA was still engaged because the
Tribunal would need to consider the issue of the chattel being on the
claimant’s Demised Land.

37 I disagreed with the claimant. While the LA (being in the nature of a
lease) granted proprietary rights over the Demised Land to the first
respondent, the first respondent already had a contractual right to access the
Demised Land to install and operate the Built Facilities under the SAA. This
is clear from cl 3.2(b) of the SAA, read with the claimant’s obligations under
cll 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 4.8 of the same (see [26] above) to grant such access
rights to the first respondent. In that regard, the claimant’s acts of re-
entry into the Demised Land and denying the respondents access to the same are
immaterial. These actions which engage the LA are irrelevant to the claim for
conversion of the Built Facilities. I agreed with the respondents that based
solely on the first respondent’s rights as provided under the SAA, it was
possible for the Tribunal to decide whether the first respondent has a
superior possessory right over the Built Facilities than the claimant. The
claimant may be the owner and lessor of the Demised Land on which the Built
Facilities are constructed, but the subject matter of the action in conversion
is the chattel and not the land. To put it differently, there is no
prerequisite that the first respondent must be entitled to access the Demised
Land under the LA, before it can enjoy its right of possession and/or
ownership over the Built Facilities under the SAA.

38 Even if the LA had to be engaged in a cursory way in the Tribunal’s
determination, that does not detract from the substance of the decision
resting on the SAA. For the avoidance of doubt, I did not find that the
Tribunal had engaged the LA in his determination. Rather, the Tribunal did the
opposite by emphasising that he was not engaging with the LA. In finding that
this element was satisfied, the Tribunal clarified that the act of
interference was “not based on any failure to permit the [respondents] access
to the [Demised] Land (which would be relevant to the Lease Agreement)”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1KSK at p 90.

Rather, it was based on the claimant’s act of padlocking the Built Facilities
and denying the respondents access to the same. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

1KSK at p 90.

To this, the claimant reiterated that the act of padlocking was “merely a
practical manifestation of its proprietary right of prohibiting unauthorised
access to the [Demised Land] it owns”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

CWS at para 40.

The claimant’s counsel argued during the hearing that it was artificial and
unrealistic for the Tribunal to “slice and dice” the matter in this way – the
issue of access to the Demised Land (which falls under the LA) cannot be
ignored since the Built Facilities can only be accessed by entering the
Demised Land.

39 As I observed above at [30], such artificiality is merely a product of the
parties’ agreed arrangement to carve out matters relating to the lease of the
Demised Land under the LA from the wider commercial transaction. The court
will give effect to such agreements “so far as it is possible and commercially
rational to do so, even where this may result in a degree of fragmentation in
the resolution of disputes” (PT Thiess Contractors Indonesia v PT Kaltim Prima
Coal [2011] EWHC 1842 (Comm) at [37], citing Dicey, Morris and Collins on the
Conflict of Laws (Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed with 4th
Cumulative Supplement, 2010) at para 12−094). I note that the latest edition
of Dicey, Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws (Lawrence Collins gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2022) at para 12−082 is less emphatic on this issue
but reaches a similar conclusion: a “broad, purposive and commercially-minded
construction” in light of the transaction as whole should be adopted, though
this would sometimes result in “a degree of fragmentation” in disputes.

40 In the present case, there was good reason to uphold the parties’
agreements. Such fragmentation was part and parcel of everyday commercial
transactions of this nature, particularly where international investors or
service providers are involved in projects requiring land access in the
jurisdiction where that project is located. The respondents sought to give
effect to these agreements – after the dismissal of the stay application by
the JBHC, the respondents amended their Statement of Claim filed in the
Arbitration (the “SOC”) to remove all matters and reliefs relating to the LA,
except by way of background. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

RWS at para 39.

For instance, the relief relating to the validity of the LA and references to
the use of the Demised Land were deleted. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1KSK at para 51.

The effect of the amendment was that the remaining claim pertained only to the
parties’ rights and obligations under the SAA. The “slicing and dicing” and
the artificiality of the circumstances which offended the claimant was exactly
the situation that this commercial transaction had deliberately created and
was legitimate. Hence, I found that it was “possible and commercially
rational” to give effect to the parties’ arrangement notwithstanding the
fragmentation of disputes.

41 The claimant further argued that the Award rendered the JBHC Suit moot,
which was clear evidence that the Tribunal has exceeded his jurisdiction. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

CWS at para 86.

This is misconceived. One of the reliefs sought before the JBHC was a
declaration that the LA is illegal, unlawful and/or null and void. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1KSK at p 336.

However, as explained above, the validity of the LA is immaterial to the
conversion claim because the latter arose from the SAA alone and independently
of the LA. As to the sought declaration that the claimant’s re-entry and re-
possession of the Demised Land was valid and lawful, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1KSK at p 336.

that is also unaffected by the claim for conversion – the subject matter of
conversion is the Built Facilities, not the Demised Land.

42 For completeness, I address the claimant’s argument that the respondents
did not make clear whether the conversion claim was with respect to the first
or the second respondent. If the claimant’s allegation was that the first
respondent’s ownership of the Built Facilities was not within the scope of
submission to the Tribunal, that failed. As the counsel for the respondents
pointed out during the hearing, the SOC uses the phrase “SSCN [ie, the first
respondent] and/or SEAX Malaysia” throughout its claim for conversion. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

LTB at pp 275−281.

Hence, one of the pleaded cases was that the first respondent has beneficial
ownership of the Built Facilities.

The remedy of delivery-up was within the Tribunal’s jurisdiction

43 I now turn to the claimant’s additional and/or alternative argument that
the Tribunal had no jurisdiction to award the relief of delivery-up of Built
Facilities. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

CWS at para 45.

Here, the claimant had two principal arguments.

(a) First, the remedy of delivery-up was proprietary in nature, and the first
respondent was only entitled to a contractual remedy of damages under cl 6.3
of the SAA.

(b) Second, the practical effect of ordering a delivery-up of the Built
Facilities was to grant the first respondent access to the Demised Land. This
was in contravention of the ad interim order granted in the JBHC Suit, which
essentially prevented the respondents from accessing the Demised Land and the
Built Facilities. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

CWS at para 47.

44 I disagreed with the claimant on both arguments. As to the first argument,
having found above that the claim for conversion was properly within the scope
of the parties’ submission to the Tribunal, the remedy of delivery-up was a
relief consequential upon the Tribunal’s finding that the elements of
conversion were established. I also agreed with the respondents that cl 6.3 of
the SAA was not relevant here. The respondents’ claim was for the tort of
conversion, not for a breach of contract (let alone for breach of cl 6.3 of
the SAA). I set out the clause in full: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1KSK at p 114.

6.3 In the event [the claimant] fails to effect the transfer of [the] Built
Facilities to the Licensed Third Party within thirty (30) Days from the date
of notice of transfer, [the claimant] hereby agrees to compensate [the first
respondent] with monetary amount equivalent to the estimated value of [the]
Built Facilities and the Super Sea Cable System together with the potential
loss in revenue.

45 The first respondent had issued to the claimant a “notice of transfer” of
the Built Facilities to the second respondent on 7 March 2023. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1KSK at pp 5527−5544.

This meant that the claimant was potentially in breach of cl 6.3 of the SAA
for failure to effect a transfer of the Built Facilities to the second
respondent. However, any relief relating to cl 6.3 of the SAA was subsequently
dropped in the Arbitration. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

LTB at p 102.

It was within the respondents’ prerogative to bring a cause of action that
would best advance its position. In any event, as the notice of transfer was
only issued after the commencement of the Arbitration, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

1KSK at para 97.

the right to damages under cl 6.3 of the SAA had not arisen at the time the
Arbitration was brought. Even if the claimant’s objection lies in the
Tribunal’s erroneous interpretation of cl 6.3 of the SAA (ie, that on a proper
construction, the clause excluded a remedy of delivery-up), that would be an
error of law. An error of law is not a basis for setting aside an arbitral
award (CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK [2011] 4
SLR 305 (“CRW”) at [33]).

46 As to the second argument, the order of delivery-up did not contravene the
ad interim injunction because the Built Facilities could be delivered up to
the first respondent without granting it access to the Demised Land. Further,
the injunction was only an interim one, and the JBHC may well eventually come
to the conclusion that the injunction ought not to have been granted.
Accordingly, any alleged contravention of the ad interim injunction could not
have deprived the Tribunal of his jurisdiction to order a relief that flowed
from a claim of which he had properly seized jurisdiction. Finally, I note
that the ad interim order had been varied on 22 January 2024 to grant the
first respondent limited access to the Demised Land for the purpose of
extracting the Built Facilities. I agreed with the respondents that this
suggests that the Award can be given effect without relying on any terms
contained in the LA, and notwithstanding the JBHC Suit. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

LTB at para 114.

47 For completeness, the claimant also argued that under Malaysian law, the
order of delivery-up can only be granted in claims for detinue (but not for
conversion). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1KSK at para 85.

This was a bare assertion. The claimant failed to provide any evidence on
Malaysian law to support this point. Further, any error of law on the part of
the Tribunal was not a ground for setting aside the Award (CRW at [33]).

48 In summary, the Excess of Jurisdiction Ground was not made out. The claim
for conversion and the consequential relief of delivery-up arose out of the
SAA, and hence properly fell within the scope of submission to the Tribunal.

Issue 2: The Award was not in conflict with Singapore’s public policy

49 The claimant’s case was premised on the alleged contravention of two
statutory provisions under Malaysian law. First, reg 5 of the Communications
and Multimedia (Licensing) Regulations 2000 (PU(A) 129/2000) (M’sia) (the
“CMLR”) provides as follows:

The following persons or classes of persons shall be ineligible to apply for
an individual licence:

(a) a foreign company as defined under the Companies Act 1965 [Act 125];

(b) an individual or a sole proprietorship;

(c) a partnership; and

(d) such other persons or classes of persons as may be decided by the Minister
from time to time.

50 Second, s 126 of the Communications and Multimedia Act 1998 (No 588 of
1998) (M’sia) (the “CMA”) makes it an offence for an unlicensed company to own
any network facilities:

126\. (1) Subject to such exemptions as may be determined by the Minister by
order published in the Gazette, no person shall –

(a) own or provide any network facilities;

(b) provide any network services; or

(c) provide any applications services,

except under and in accordance with the terms and conditions of –

(aa) a valid individual licence granted under this Act; or

…

expressly authorizing the ownership or provision of the facilities or
services.

(2) A person who contravenes subsection (1) commits an offence …

51 The claimant argued that “it is self-evident and uncontroversial” that the
first respondent is ineligible under Malaysian law to hold the requisite
licence to own the Built Facilities. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

CWS at para 56.

The Tribunal’s finding that the first respondent was the beneficial owner of
the Built Facilities contravened the CMA and the CMLR. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

CWS at para 61.

Considering that the telecommunications services sector is “a highly protected
and regulated industry in Malaysia”, the Tribunal’s finding was in conflict
with the public policy of Malaysia. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

CWS at para 68.

By virtue of international comity, this was alleged by the claimant to also be
contrary to Singapore’s public policy. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

CWS at para 76.

There was no evidence of an illegal act under Malaysian law

52 The claimant did not adduce any expert evidence on Malaysian law to show
that it is illegal for the first respondent to have beneficial ownership of
the Built Facilities. The only persuasive authority before the court was the
KLHC Decision which held that there was no contravention of the CMA and the
CMLR (see [68] below).

53 Even on a plain reading of the provisions, as the claimant invited me to
do, the position was not as clear-cut as the claimant made it out to be.
Though reg 5(a) of the CMLR prohibits a foreign company from applying for the
requisite licence, neither of the provisions relied on by the claimant
prohibits a foreign company from being a beneficial owner of the relevant
facilities through ownership of a Malaysian-incorporated subsidiary that has
the requisite licence. In any event, in the absence of expert evidence, I was
unable to make a finding that Malaysian law was breached.

It did not automatically follow that a conflict against foreign public policy
would be a conflict against Singapore public policy

54 Even on the assumption that there was a breach of Malaysian law, the
claimant had to satisfy the court that (a) such illegality was contrary to
Malaysian public policy; and (b) there was a breach of Singapore public
policy. On the former, a similar issue was raised in CBX v CBZ [2020] 5 SLR
184 (“CBX”). In discussing the Public Policy Ground, the Singapore
International Commercial Court noted that whether or not the alleged
illegality in the award contravened Thai public policy was “a question best
left to the Thai court to determine” (CBX at [61]). No expert evidence was
adduced on Thai public policy in CBX. Similarly in the present case, I agreed
with the respondents that the issue of foreign public policy is not a matter
that Singapore courts can decide of its own accord and without evidence. On
the latter, even if the Award were contrary to Malaysian public policy, it is
trite law that the Public Policy Ground is only satisfied in exceptional
circumstances. The relevant test is helpfully summarised in Gokul Patnaik v
Nine Rivers Capital Ltd [2021] 3 SLR 22 (“Gokul Patnaik”) at [204]:

The authorities demonstrate that the public policy ground under Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law is a narrow ground, and the test is whether the
upholding of the arbitral award would “shock the conscience”; is “clearly
injurious to the public good or ... wholly offensive to the ordinary
reasonable and fully informed member of the public”; or “where it violates the
forum’s most basic notion of morality and justice” … To succeed on a public
policy argument, the party has to cross a “very high threshold” and
demonstrate “egregious circumstances such as corruption, bribery or fraud,
which would violate the most basic notions of morality and justice” …
[emphasis in original]

55 In particular, where the Public Policy Ground is invoked on the basis of a
breach of foreign law, a “minor illegality or regulatory infringement by a
contract” is insufficient (Gokul Patnaik at [206]). For instance, in Gokul
Patnaik, a sale and purchase agreement to purchase certain securities for a
consideration amounted to an assured return which was allegedly inconsistent
with Indian foreign exchange regulations. However, the court held that the
mere breach of those regulations was insufficient to establish the Public
Policy Ground (Gokul Patnaik at [206]). In CBX, the Compound Interest Orders
of the Tribunal “contravene[d] Thai mandatory law” which prohibited
compounding of interest under the contract in question and was hence “against
public order and good morals in Thailand” (at [52]). However, the Public
Policy Ground was still not made out in that case, as the illegality was not a
“palpable and indisputable illegality” which generally refers to “conduct of
an obvious criminal nature” such as corruption and illicit enterprise (CBX at
[57]).

56 Going further, the upholding of an arbitral award that is contrary to the
public policy of another jurisdiction is not indubitably against the public
policy of Singapore. Conversely, there may be matters that are not in conflict
with foreign public policy but are clearly matters of public policy that are
important in Singapore. The claimant made the point that there was commonality
in public policy sensitivities in the telecommunications industries in
Singapore and Malaysia. I agreed that there indeed could be many areas of
commonality in public policy between jurisdictions, but this was still a fact-
sensitive exercise. Everything would turn on the individual facts of the case
and issues at hand.

57 In that regard, the claimant’s submission was that Singapore’s public
policy entails upholding similar foreign laws. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

CWS at para 76.

The claimant referred to s 3(1) of the Telecommunications Act 1999 (2020 Rev
Ed) (the “TA”) which provides that the Info‑communications Media Development
Authority (the “IMDA”) “has the exclusive privilege for the operation and
provision of telecommunication systems and services in Singapore”. In turn,
under the IMDA, Guidelines on Submission of Application For Facilities-Based
Operations Licence (28 June 2021) at para 3.2, only “a company incorporated
under the Singapore Companies Act” can apply to the IMDA for the relevant
licence to operate and/or provide telecommunication systems and services in
Singapore. According to the claimant, while the TA is not in pari materia with
the CMA, Singapore’s licensing regime on telecommunication systems is
comparable to that in Malaysia. On that basis, the claimant argued that it
would “shock the conscience” of the public if Singapore courts were to uphold
an award that circumvents similar laws pertaining to the protection of network
facilities. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

CWS at para 77.

Further or alternatively, it was in line with the principle of comity for
Singapore’s public policy to uphold a foreign enforcement jurisdiction’s
public policy which “could impact the parties or the arbitration in some way”.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

CWS at paras 78 and 80.

58 Nothing turned on this in the present case, as the claimant failed to
establish that there was an illegality (see above at [52] and [53]). I did not
however disagree, in principle, with the claimant’s arguments on this point
(see above at [57]) if it could be shown that upholding an award would be
“clearly injurious to the public good” or “violate the most basic notions of
morality and justice” in Singapore (Gokul Patnaik at [204]).

The doctrine of res judicata applied to estop the claimant from raising its
illegality objections

59 The extended doctrine of res judicata operates to estop a party from
raising matters that (a) are covered by an arbitration agreement, (b) are
arbitrable, and (c) could and should have been raised by one of the parties in
an earlier set of proceedings that had already been concluded (AKN and another
v ALC and others and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 966 at [59]). Only the last
element was disputed.

60 The respondents alleged that the claimant could and ought to have raised
its illegality objections during the Arbitration. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

RWS at para 91.

Having failed to do so, the claimant was estopped from raising them in this
application. The claimant’s response was that the SOC did not plead explicitly
that the first respondent was the beneficial owner. The following aspects of
the SOC were highlighted by the claimant:

(a) The sub-heading of the claim for conversion stated “Ownership of Built
Facilities vests in SEAX Malaysia”, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

LTB at p 275.

hence referring only to the second respondent.

(b) The parties could not have been arguing about the first respondent’s
ownership rights because cl 6.1 of the SAA contemplates handing over ownership
“to a third party” with the requisite licence (who is not the first
respondent).

(c) In fact, it is illegal to speak of the first respondent’s ownership, as
that is in breach of the CMA and the CMLR.

61 The claimant’s response was unconvincing. By using the phrase “SSCN and/or
SEAX”, it is beyond doubt that the first respondent’s beneficial ownership was
pleaded in the SOC (see above at [42]). Thus, the claimant could have raised
the issue of illegality in the Arbitration but did not do so. Accordingly, I
found that even if the Award fell under the Public Policy Ground, the claimant
was estopped from raising its illegality objections to set aside the Award.

Issue 3: The claimant was estopped from raising its illegality objections
under the doctrine of transnational issue estoppel

62 I turn to the final issue of whether the claimant was barred by the
doctrine of transnational issue estoppel from raising the jurisdictional and
illegality objections which had already been dismissed by the Malaysian
courts. There are two sub-issues that flow from this:

(a) Is the doctrine of transnational issue estoppel applicable where a seat
court is faced with a prior decision of an enforcement court?

(b) If yes, were the elements of transnational issue estoppel satisfied in the
present case?

The doctrine of transnational issue estoppel applied to the claimant’s
illegality objections

63 I start with the first sub-issue of the threshold point on the
applicability of transnational issue estoppel to the claimant’s illegality
objections. This issue arose because the Court of Appeal in The Republic of
India v Deutsche Telekom AG [2023] SGCA(I) 10 (“Deutsche Telekom”) dealt with
this doctrine in the context where an issue decided by a seat court was
subsequently raised before the Singapore enforcement court. In relation to the
reverse situation (as in the present case), the Court of Appeal “[did] not
express a concluded view on this point” but made the following observation
(Deutsche Telekom at [92]):

… We only observe that if the position to be taken is that transnational issue
estoppel does apply in the context of international arbitration, then any
departure from that position when considering a prior decision of an
enforcement court would have to be grounded in principle, and that may, or may
not, lie in the policy that is reflected in the scheme for the judicial
supervision and support of arbitral proceedings, which does place an emphasis
on the seat court, and for the recognition and enforcement of awards.
[emphasis added]

64 From the Court of Appeal’s discussion above, perhaps a suitable starting
point would be to also apply the doctrine of transnational issue estoppel to
the decisions of the enforcement court (see also Deutsche Telekom at [215] per
Mance IJ). This is the starting point to consider the claimant’s illegality
objections which had been dismissed in the earlier KLHC Decision, although, as
I make clear below at [71]–[74], this can be departed from with good reason. I
agreed with the respondents that the KLHC Decision should have persuasive
effect because the claimant’s illegality objections are premised upon issues
of Malaysian law and Malaysian public policy which the Malaysian courts are
best placed to deal with (see CBX above at [54]). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

RWS at para 85.

The elements of transnational issue estoppel were satisfied for the illegality
objections

65 Having dealt with the threshold point, I now turn to the next sub-issue on
whether the elements of transnational estoppel were satisfied in relation to
the illegality objections. The elements are set out in Deutsche Telekom at
[64]:

(a) the foreign judgment must be capable of being recognised in this
jurisdiction, where issue estoppel is being invoked. Under the common law,
this means that the foreign judgment must:

(i) be a final and conclusive decision on the merits;

(ii) originate from a court of competent jurisdiction that has transnational
jurisdiction over the party sought to be bound; and

(iii) not be subject to any defences to recognition;

(b) there must be commonality of the parties to the prior proceedings and to
the proceedings in which the estoppel is raised; and

(c) the subject matter of the estoppel must be the same as what has been
decided in the prior judgment.

66 All the above elements were satisfied. First, the KLHC Decision is a final
and conclusive decision on the merits. A foreign judgment “is no less final
merely because it is subject to an appeal” (Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another
[2016] 5 SLR 1322 (“Humpuss”) at [69]). The key is whether the decision is one
“which cannot be varied, re-opened or set aside by the court that delivered it
[emphasis in original]” (Humpuss at [69]). Though the KLHC Decision is pending
appeal, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1KSK at para 60.

it was not suggested by the claimant that the KLHC would vary, re-open or set
aside its judgment.

67 Second, there was no evidence that the KLHC Decision did not originate from
a court of competent jurisdiction that has transnational jurisdiction over the
claimant. Third, there was also no evidence that the KLHC Decision was subject
to any defences to recognition. Such defences include (a) contravention of the
forum’s public policy; (b) foreign judgment obtained by fraud or in breach of
natural justice; or (c) direct or indirect enforcement of foreign penal,
revenue or other public laws (Deutsche Telekom at [66]), all of which did not
apply in the present case. Fourth, turning to commonality of parties, the
second respondent was not a party to the KLHC enforcement proceedings. But as
the respondents also pointed out, the court does not take a narrow view of
this requirement (Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLRI 453 at
[32]). As there was a sufficient nexus or mutuality of interest between the
respondents, I was satisfied that there was commonality of parties.

68 Finally, the subject matter of the estoppel was the same as that decided in
the KLHC Decision. In other words, the objections that the claimant raised
under the Public Policy Ground (ie, the subject matter of the estoppel) have
already been dismissed by the KLHC. Before the KLHC, the claimant argued that
the Tribunal’s finding of the first respondent’s beneficial ownership
contravened s 126 of the CMA. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1KSK at p 5495.

The Award was hence in conflict with the public policy of Malaysia. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1KSK at p 5495.

To this, the KLHC held that “there is no risk that registration and
enforcement of the final award will contravene the CMA, as relief no 2 of the
final award, allows delivery up to be made to, inter alia, the [first
respondent]’s nominated party, [the second respondent], who is in possession
of the relevant licenses”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

LTB at p 557.

Further, “the very high threshold” to succeed on the public policy ground had
not been established. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

LTB at p 556.

These findings were made in relation to the same illegality objections that
the claimant raised in this application.

69 I make two further points on the final element of commonality of subject
matter. First, there is generally no identity of subject matter where the
public policy of the forum is in issue (Deutsche Telekom at [86]). Though
Singapore public policy is in issue in the present case, this hinges upon the
alleged contravention of Malaysian law, and in turn, Malaysian public policy.
Hence, as the respondents rightly pointed out, the subject matter of the KLHC
Decision was the same as the anterior issue in this application. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

RWS at para 84.

Second, I disagreed that the claimant’s arguments in this application were
“distinct” from the “grounds” argued before the KLHC. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

CWS at para 88.

Those “grounds” before the KLHC included the ground that “the award is in
conflict with the public policy of Malaysia”, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

1KSK at p 4928.

which is one of the recognised grounds for refusing recognition or enforcement
under the Arbitration Act 2005 (No 646 of 2005) (M’sia)). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

LTB at p 555.

Therefore, the “grounds” argued before the KLHC raised the same issue as the
Public Policy Ground.

70 Finally, the Court of Appeal in Deutsche Telekom noted that “the correct
approach is to apply the principles identified unless there are special
circumstances such that it would be unjust to do so” (at [69(d)]). The
claimant argued that applying these principles would not work justice because
it has been prejudiced by the Award. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

CWS at para 90.

Specifically, “as a result of the Arbitrator having acted in excess of his
jurisdiction”, (a) the Award undermined the purpose of the JBHC Suit; and (b)
the claimant had to apply for a variation of the ad interim injunction to
comply with the Award. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

CWS at para 86.

This argument failed. On the first point, I have found above at [41] that the
Award did not render the JBHC Suit moot. Hence, there was no prejudice
suffered by the claimant in that regard. On the second point, the claimant
could have complied with the Award without granting the first respondent
access to the Demised Land (see above at [46]). I note that it was the
claimant which decided to apply to the JBHC for a variation – the claimant
considered it “more prudent” to allow the respondents to dismantle and
retrieve the Built Facilities given the risks of explosion. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

LTB at p 27.

Since the claimant initiated the variation of the ad interim injunction out of
safety concerns on its Demised Land, it cannot be said that the claimant
suffered any prejudice. Accordingly, transnational issue estoppel applied to
estop the claimant from raising the illegality objections which had been
determined in the KLHC Decision.

The doctrine of transnational issue estoppel did not apply to the claimant’s
jurisdictional objections

71 However, I came to a different conclusion in relation to the second sub-
issue addressing jurisdictional objections. The principle of primacy of the
seat court which underpins the scheme for recognition and enforcement of
awards, was a principled basis to justify a departure from the general
position. During the hearing, the claimant highlighted wider ramifications
that the estoppel would bring, including the subversion of the role of the
seat court and the risks of bad forum shopping. These concerns have also been
recognised in Deutsche Telekom at [91]–[92]:

91 … It has been suggested that applying transnational issue estoppel to an
earlier decision of another enforcement court may have the unintended effect
of raising the status of the first enforcement court’s decision to something
akin to that of a seat court judgment, and that this might run contrary to the
structure of the New York Convention and the importance of according to the
seat the primary role of supervising the arbitration (see Art V(1)(e) and Art
VI; see also Matthew Barry, “The Role of the Seat in International
Arbitration: Theory, Practice, and Implications for Australian Courts” (2015)
32 J. Int’l Arb. 289 at 319).

92 It has also been suggested that such a rule could incentivise forum
shopping and the emergence of parallel and possibly conflicting post-award
proceedings, with the award creditor first seeking enforcement in a forum with
the most arbitration-friendly approach and then using a presumably favourable
decision to bind subsequent enforcement courts …

[emphasis added]

72 I found these concerns eminently persuasive. As explained in BAZ v BBA
[2020] 5 SLR 266 (“BAZ”) at [45], the seat court’s primacy in reviewing an
award forms the basis for Arts V(1)(e) and VI of the Convention on the
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (10 June 1958), 330
UNTS 38 (entered into force 7 June 1959, accession by Singapore 21 August
1986) (the “New York Convention”), and s 31(5) of the International
Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IAA”). Art V(1)(e) of the New York
Convention provides that the recognition and enforcement of the award may be
refused if the award “has been set aside”. The fact that the only foreign
judgment that serves as a ground for refusal of enforcement under the New York
Convention is a setting-aside judgment of the seat court, indicates the
special role of a seat court. Further, Art VI of the New York Convention
provides that an enforcement court may adjourn the enforcement proceedings if
an application for setting aside or suspension has been brought before the
seat court. Similarly, s 31(5) of the IAA provides that the Singapore court
may refuse to enforce a foreign award if there is an application to set aside
or suspend the award before the seat court. This also recognises the deference
to the seat court’s primary and supervisory jurisdiction. In light of these
provisions, to give preclusive effect to a prior enforcement (or non-
enforcement) decision would undermine the role of the seat court and subvert
the scheme underlying the New York Convention.

73 Relatedly, the competing interest of promoting finality in litigation
between the parties “applies more strongly where the seat court has decided
whether to set the award aside”, but does not feature “as strongly” in the
present context because it is “only” the seat court which can set aside an
award (BAZ at [47]). Another competing interest is upholding the principle of
comity, which refers to the “recognition which one nation allows within its
territory to the legislative, executive or judicial acts of another nation,
having due regard both to international duty and convenience, and to the
rights of its own citizens or of other persons who are under the protection of
its laws” (Deutsche Telekom at [67], citing Morguard Investments Ltd v De
Savoye [1990] 3 SCR 1077 at 1096). However, the principle of comity is not an
overriding one. It does not go so far as to preclude parties, in all
instances, from raising before the seat court objections which have been
dismissed by the prior enforcement court.

74 A distinction should be drawn between objections that specifically
implicate the enforcement jurisdiction’s own statutes, public policy and other
domestic interests (eg, the alleged contravention of the CMA), and objections
that do not (eg, the interpretation of the SAA and the LA). While the
principle of comity has a greater weight in relation to the former type of
objections, the principle of party autonomy should be upheld in relation to
the latter. To explain, the parties’ choice of seat entails an implicit
agreement to favour the supervisory jurisdiction of the seat court over the
jurisdiction of the other enforcement courts (see Sundaresh Menon CJ, “The
Role of the National Courts of the Seat in International Arbitration”, keynote
address at the 10th Annual International Conference of the Nani Palkhivala
Arbitration Centre (17 February 2018)  at para 53). Hence, it is the seat
court which ought to have a final say on that litigated objection. In this
case, the claimant’s jurisdictional objections were of a different nature from
the illegality objections founded upon Malaysian law and public policy.
Accordingly, I found that transnational issue estoppel should not apply to the
claimant’s objection that the Tribunal acted in excess of his jurisdiction.

75 But ultimately, nothing turned on this issue, as I have found above (see
[52] and [53]) that the claimant failed in establishing the Public Policy
Ground.

Conclusion

76 The claimant’s application was dismissed. Costs were ordered in the
respondents’ favour in the amount of S$33,000.

77 Finally, I commend both sets of counsel for their cogent and concise
arguments which were of substantial assistance to me in identifying the nub of
the issues in dispute.

Wong Li Kok, Alex  
Judicial Commissioner  
---  
  
Thio Shen Yi SC, Sherlyn Lim (TSMP Law Corporation) (instructed), Richard
Yeoh, Koong Len Sheng, Joshua Ang Zhao Neng (Hong Zhaoneng) (David Lim &
Partners LLP) for the claimant;

Ng Jern-Fei KC (JFN Chambers LLC), Tan Jun Hong (Calvin Liang LLC)
(instructed), Wong Thai Yong (Wong Thai Yong LLC) for the first and second
respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Feb 2024 (14:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

