Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 48

Originating Application No 448 of 2023 (Summons No 3815 of 2023)

In the matter of Part 7 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Section 107(3)(a) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Golden Mountain Textile and Trading Pte Ltd (in judicial
management)  
---  
  
Between

Farooq Ahmad Mann (in his capacity as the judicial manager)  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Golden Mountain Textile and Trading Pte Ltd (in judicial management)  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Judicial management — Extension of time]

[Insolvency Law — Judicial management — Whether judicial management order
should be extended]

[Insolvency Law — Judicial management — Whether time to put forward statement
of proposals should be extended]

[Companies — Receiver and manager — Judicial management order — Whether
judicial management order should be extended]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Farooq Ahmad Mann (in his capacity as judicial manager)

  

v

  

Golden Mountain Textile and Trading Pte Ltd (in judicial management)

[2024] SGHC 48

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 448 of 2023
(Summons No 3815 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan J  
12 January 2024

23 February 2024

Goh Yihan J:

1 The applicant, Mr Farooq Ahmad Mann, is the judicial manager of the
respondent, Golden Mountain Textile and Trading Pte Ltd. This was the
applicant’s application for, among other things, (a) the respondent’s judicial
management period to be extended for a period of 180 days with effect from 30
January 2024; (b) the applicant’s appointment as the respondent’s judicial
manager to be extended for a period of 180 days with effect from 30 January
2024; and (c) the timeline for the applicant to put forward his statement of
proposals to be extended to 16 February 2024. The respondent did not object to
the application.

2 At the end of the hearing on 12 January 2024, I allowed the applicant’s
application. Despite the respondent’s lack of objection, I still had to be
independently satisfied that it was appropriate for me to allow the various
extensions sought. In short, based on the applicant’s submissions, I was
satisfied that the extension of the judicial management order would further
the statutory purpose provided in s 89(1)(a) of the Insolvency, Restructuring
and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”), that is, the respondent’s
survival as a going concern. I now provide these grounds of decision to
further explain my reasons for my decision. This is especially since there
does not appear to be a local decision about the applicable principles in
relation to an extension of a judicial management order pursuant to s
111(3)(a) read with s 111(4) of the IRDA.

Background facts

3 I begin with the background facts. The respondent was placed into judicial
management on 2 February 2023. The applicant was appointed as its judicial
manager. Pursuant to the judicial management order (viz, HC/ORC 5429/2023),
the respondent’s period of judicial management would have expired on 29
January 2024.

4 On 6 November 2023, the applicant presented a statement of proposals to the
respondent’s known creditors. Among these creditors was PT Bank Negara
Indonesia (Persero) TBK, Singapore Branch (“BNI”), which held 62.3% of the
total debt owed by the respondent. A creditors’ meeting was also due to be
convened on 13 December 2023 for creditors to give feedback on the statement
of proposals.

5 Subsequently, on 23 November 2023, BNI emailed the applicant to say that it
wished to address certain concerns and propose changes to the statement of
proposals. Among other things, BNI wanted clarification on the interest rate
to be applied on the respondent’s loans during the period of repayment. BNI
also proposed modifications to the statement of proposals to provide greater
clarity and transparency on the proposed repayment schedule. In light of these
points, BNI sought an adjournment of the scheduled creditors’ meeting so that
creditors would have more time to give their feedback on the statement of
proposals.

6 The applicant considered BNI’s concerns to be helpful for improving the
statement of proposals. He also saw merit in BNI’s proposal to adjourn the
scheduled creditors’ meeting. As such, on 4 December 2023, the applicant wrote
to the respondent’s creditors to inform them of BNI’s request to adjourn the
scheduled creditors’ meeting. In the same letter, the applicant also pointed
out that it would be necessary to seek an extension of the respondent’s period
of judicial management in light of this adjournment. Further, on 14 December
2023, the applicant wrote to the respondent’s creditors to set out the
indicative timelines for the key milestones of the respondent’s judicial
management. Among other things, the indicative timelines provided for the
applicant to circulate a revised statement of proposals on 16 February 2024
and for the consequent creditors’ meeting to be held on 8 March 2024.

7 As of the date of the hearing, no creditor had objected to the adjournment
of the creditors’ meeting or the indicative timelines.

Whether the judicial management order should be extended

The applicable principles

8 With the above background facts in mind, I turn to consider whether the
judicial management order should have been extended. In this regard, the
relevant statutory provisions are s 111(3)(a) read with s 111(4) of the IRDA.
These provisions provide as follows:

End of judicial management

111.—(3) Subject to subsections (4) and (5), a judicial manager may obtain an
extension of the judicial manager’s term of office —

(a) by making an application to the Court;

…

(4) On an application under subsection (3)(a), the Court —

(a) may extend the term of office of the judicial manager for a specified
period;

(b) may extend the term of office of a judicial manager even though that term
of office has previously been extended by the Court or by approval of the
company’s creditors under subsection (3)(b); and

(c) may only extend the judicial manager’s term of office before the expiry of
that term of office.

9 As is clear, these provisions only set out how a judicial manager may obtain
an extension of his term of office, and the orders that a court may make.
However, they are silent on the principles which a court should apply in
deciding whether to grant the extension sought. Those principles are left to
be developed by the courts. In this regard, Chua Lee Ming J in the High Court
decision of Re CNA Group Ltd [2019] SGHC 78 (“Re CNA”) considered an
application for an extension of a company’s judicial management order, which
had been made pursuant to s 227B(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(as opposed to the IRDA). In declining to further extend the judicial
management order, the learned judge said (at [15]):

Section 227B(1) of the Act emphatically states that the court may make a
judicial management order if, and only if,

(a) it is satisfied that the company is or will be unable to pay its debts;
and

(b) it considers that the making of the order would be likely to achieve one
or more of the purposes set out in s 227B(1)(b).

A judicial management order should therefore not be extended unless the
extension would be likely to achieve one or more of the purposes for which the
order had been made. …

[emphasis in original]

Chua J did not extend the judicial management order in Re CNA because, among
other things, there was insufficient evidence before him to show that
extending the order would likely achieve a more advantageous realisation of
the company’s only remaining asset, its listing status. In particular, all
that was before the learned judge was the company’s solicitor’s statement that
the judicial manager was following up with two potential investors. Moreover,
the judicial manager had had enough time to sell the said listing status since
the judicial management order had been extended six times.

10 The guiding principle, that a judicial management order should only be
extended if it would achieve one or more purposes of judicial management, has
also been applied in the English courts. Thus, in the English High Court
decision of Re TPS Investments (UK) Limited (In Administration) [2020] EWHC
1135 (Ch) (“Re TPS”), Judge Hodge QC (sitting as a Judge of the High Court)
had to consider whether to extend an administrator’s term of office pursuant
to para 76(2)(a) of Schedule B1 of the (UK) Insolvency Act 1986 (“UK
Insolvency Act”) (in England, the term “administration” is a broad substitute
for the phrase “judicial management” in Singapore). Para 76(2)(a) is expressed
in similar terms as s 111(3)(a) of the IRDA, as follows:

Automatic end of administration

76(1) The appointment of an administrator shall cease to have effect at the
end of the period of one year beginning with the date on which it takes
effect.

(2) But—

(a) on the application of an administrator the court may by order extend his
term of office for a specified period …

11 In Re TPS, Judge Hodge QC helpfully listed four questions that tend to
arise in applications to extend an administrator’s term of office (at [8]).
These are:

(a) Why has the administration not yet been completed?

(b) Is any other alternative insolvency regime more suitable?

(c) Is the extension sought likely to achieve the purpose of administration?

(d) If an extension is appropriate, for how long should it be granted?

12 This list of questions has been adopted by a number of other English
decisions, including Gillian Eleanor Bruce and others (Joint Administrators of
Lehman Brothers (PTG) Ltd (In Administration) [2023] EWHC 3084 (Ch) at [6], Re
Angelic Interiors Limited (in administration) [2022] EWHC 2974 (Ch) at [32],
and Re Burningnight Ltd (in administration) and another company; MacKenzie and
another v Crowdstacker Corporate Services Ltd [2021] 1 BCLC 557 at [30]. I
note that question (c) in the list above is consistent with Chua J’s
sentiments expressed in Re CNA, where he had focused on whether one or more
purposes of the judicial management order would be achieved by the grant of an
extension.

13 In addition to this list of questions, the English High Court in Re Nortel
Networks UK (No 4) [2018] 1 BCLC 513 (“Re Nortel”) also emphasised the
importance of considering the creditors’ interests and views when a court
decides whether to extend an administrator’s term of office. In Re Nortel,
Snowden J explained (at [22]) that while the court’s discretion under para
76(2)(a) is not circumscribed in any way, that discretion “should be exercised
in the interests of the creditors of the company as a whole, and that the
court should have regard to all the circumstances, including (i) whether the
purpose of the administration remains reasonably likely to be achieved, (ii)
whether any prejudice would be caused to creditors by the extension, and (iii)
any views expressed by the creditors”. Snowden J’s remarks have been endorsed
by a number of English decisions regarding applications to extend an
administrator’s term of office (see, in this regard, the English High Court
decisions of Baker and another v Biomethane (Castle Easton) Limited [2019]
EWHC 3298 (Ch) and Christine Mary Laverty and others v Caversham Finance
Limited [2022] EWHC 789 (Ch)).

14 In my view, Judge Hodge QC’s list of questions in Re TPS are broad enough
to indirectly encompass a consideration of the creditors’ interests and views,
as called for in Re Nortel. Therefore, in deciding whether to grant an
extension to a judicial management order under s 111(3)(a) read with s 111(4)
of the IRDA, a court should consider the entire circumstances of the case,
guided by the list of questions laid down in Re TPS, read together with Re
Nortel:

(a) Why has the administration not yet been completed?

(b) Is any other alternative insolvency regime more suitable?

(c) Is the extension sought likely to achieve the purpose of administration?

(d) How would the creditors’ interests be affected by, and what are the
creditors’ views regarding, the extension sought?

(e) If an extension is appropriate, for how long should it be granted?

My decision: it was appropriate to extend the judicial management order in
this case

15 With the applicable principles in mind, I found that it was appropriate to
extend the judicial management order in this case.

16 First, the judicial management had not yet been completed because creditors
needed more time to consider and give feedback on the statement of proposals.
Furthermore, BNI (the respondent’s largest creditor by far) had raised several
concerns regarding the statement of proposals, and these needed to be
addressed to ensure BNI’s support.

17 Second, no other alternative insolvency regime was more suitable at the
time of my decision. Indeed, it would have been premature to wind up the
respondent at this juncture, given that there was still a chance of preserving
it as a going concern.

18 Third, I was satisfied that there was a likelihood that the extension would
achieve, or at least contribute to achieving, the survival of the respondent
as a going concern. Indeed, this application had been brought to give effect
to BNI’s request for creditors to be given more time to consider and give
feedback on the statement of proposals. Given that BNI had raised concerns,
and proposed modifications to address those concerns, it was clear that BNI
would likely not have accepted the statement of proposals as it stood on the
date of the application. If BNI had rejected the statement of proposals, the
statement of proposals would have been rejected given BNI’s majority in the
value of the respondent’s debt (62.3%). As a result, an extension would
increase the likelihood that BNI would accede to any future statement of
proposals. This would then likely achieve the survival of the respondent as a
going concern. Further, the extension of time sought was not long.

19 Fourth, in considering the creditors’ interests, I was satisfied that an
extension would not prejudice the other creditors. In fact, BNI’s request for
modification and feedback not only materially improved the statement of
proposals, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at para 14.

but also provided other creditors with more time to consider and give their
feedback. Besides, it was in the creditors’ best interests to give feedback at
that point, before the scheduled creditors’ meeting, so that there would be no
need to expend costs and waste time on another creditors’ meeting to enable
those creditors to give such feedback. As for the creditors’ views, there had
not been any objection raised by any other creditor to this application.

20 For these reasons, I found that it was appropriate to extend the judicial
management order in this case.

Whether the time for the applicant to put forward the statement of proposals
should be extended

The applicable principles

21 I turn now to whether the time for the applicant to put forward the
statement of proposals should be extended.

22 The applicable legal principles can be stated briefly. As the High Court
stated in PT Bank Negara Indonesia (Persero) TBK, Singapore Branch v Farooq
Ahmad Mann (in his capacity as judicial manager) and another and other matters
[2023] SGHC 249, s 107 of the IRDA sets out the requirement for a judicial
manager to put forward his statement of proposals within 90 days after the
company’s entry into judicial management. More specifically, s 107(3)(a)
provides that “a judicial manager may obtain an extension of the period
specified in subsection (1) or (2) — (a) by making an application at any time
to the Court”. This extension should be allowed where there is good reason.
For instance, in the English High Court decision of Re Bulb Energy Ltd [2023]
2 BCLC 666, the court (at [47]) raised the example of “when an administrator
can point to events in complex inter-company and international seismic
insolvencies to argue that he had good reason not to file the statement of
proposals within the eight-week period”. As such, a judicial manager may raise
the inability to achieve the purpose of judicial management as a good reason
for seeking an extension of time.

My decision: it was appropriate to extend the time for the applicant to put
forward the statement of proposals

23 Turning to the present application, I was satisfied that it was appropriate
to grant an extension of time for the applicant to put forward the statement
of proposals. This is because BNI had requested for additional time to
consider and propose revisions to the statement of proposals, which the
applicant had assessed to be reasonable and sensible. Indeed, not only is BNI
a majority creditor of the respondent, but it had also voiced support for the
statement of proposals with its modifications and clarifications. Thus, a
revised statement of proposals, taking into account feedback from BNI and
possibly other creditors, would likely be approved by the creditors. This made
it appropriate, in my view, to extend the time for the applicant to put
forward the statement of proposals.

Conclusion

24 For all the reasons above, I allowed the applicant’s application for an
extension of the judicial management order, as well as an extension of time
for him to put forward the statement of proposals.

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lau Hui Ming Kenny, Alston Yeong and Huang Xinli Daniel (Providence Law Asia
LLC) for the applicant;

The respondent absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Feb 2024 (11:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

