Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 49

Originating Claim No 78 of 2023 (Registrar’s Appeal 276 of 2023)

Between

| Hall, Jonathan Stuart  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| Rapyd Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Privileges — Without prejudice privilege]

[Civil Procedure — Privileges — Disapplication of without prejudice privilege
— Admission of liability]

[Civil Procedure — Privileges — Threshold for finding an oral admission of
liability on disputed facts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hall, Jonathan Stuart

  
v

  

Rapyd Pte Ltd

  

[2024] SGHC 49

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 78 of 2023
(Registrar’s Appeal No 276 of 2023)  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
29 January, 21 February 2024

23 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 In Originating Claim 78 of 2023 (“OC 78”) Summons 2628 of 2023 (“SUM 2628”),
the Defendant, Rapyd Pte Ltd (“Rapyd”), applied to strike out paragraphs 22
and 36 of the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) of the Claimant, Mr Jonathan Stuart
Hall (“Mr Hall”), and Mr Hall’s Further and Better Particulars served on 30
June 2023 (“Particulars”), on the basis that they relate to communications
before, on and after a meeting on 29 August 2022, that were protected by
without prejudice privilege (“Privilege”).

2 The learned Assistant Registrar (“AR”) struck out the pleaded communications
which took place after a meeting on 29 August 2022 between Mr Hall and the
Chief Executive Officer of Rapyd, Mr Arik Shtilman (“Mr Shtilman”). I refer to
this meeting as the “29 August Meeting”. However, the learned AR declined to
strike out the pleaded communications which took place before or at the 29
August Meeting, and the pleaded communications which took place after the 29
August Meeting to the extent that they relate to commissions for a deal known
as the Funding Societies Deal.

3 In RA 276 of 2023 (“RA 276”), Rapyd appeals against the decision of the
learned AR.

4 A key question that arises in this case is this: where a party denies that
there is Privilege by relying on an alleged oral admission of liability, what
is the standard of proof that applies to demonstrating that such an oral
admission took place?

Background Facts

5 In OC 78, Mr Hall claims for commissions of US$1,176,740 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

SOC at para 20.

that he alleges Rapyd is obliged to pay him under a 2022 Sales Incentive
Compensation Plan 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Mr Shtilman dated 7 September 2023 (“Mr Shtilman’s
affidavit”) at pp 61–66.

and as subsequently amended on 2 October 2022 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at pp 68–69.

(collectively referred to as the “Compensation Plan”). Under the Compensation
Plan, sales representatives are eligible to earn a commission of between 0.1%
to 0.15% of the Total Payment Volume (“TPV”) generated by each customer
secured by the sales representative. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at p 62.

Mr Hall alleges that he generated a total of around US$1,915,540,543 of TPV in
2022, entitling him to a commission of US$1,357,015, but he was paid only
US$180,264. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 20.

Rapyd disputes Mr Hall’s entitlement to the commissions on the basis of
alleged “serious irregularities and/or discrepancies” with Mr Hall’s claims. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 19 May 2023 at para 47.

Parties’ cases

6 Rapyd contends that the communications made at the 29 August Meeting are
protected by Privilege, as are certain communications made before and after
the 29 August Meeting. Rapyd therefore seeks to strike out paragraphs 22 and
36 of the SOC, and the relevant Particulars, on the basis that the
communications pleaded are subject to Privilege.

7 Mr Hall makes two main submissions. First, that Privilege does not apply as
there had been no dispute that the parties were trying to settle at the
material time. Second, even if there had been a dispute, Privilege still does
not apply as Mr Shtilman had made an admission of liability at the 29 August
Meeting.

Applicable law

8 The applicable legal principles are settled. At common law, “without
prejudice” privilege derives from the policy of encouraging settlements:
Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another [2006] 4
SLR(R) 807 (“Mariwu”) at [24]. In effect, communications between parties
protected by without prejudice privilege which were made in the course of
negotiations for a settlement are not admissible: Quek Kheng Leong Nicky and
another v Teo Beng Ngoh and others and another appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 181 at
[22]. This stems from the principle that parties should be encouraged as far
as possible to settle their disputes without resort to litigation and should
not be discouraged by the knowledge that anything that is said in the course
of such negotiations may be used to their prejudice in the course of future
proceedings: Cutts v Head [1984] Ch 290 at 306.

9 Section 23 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”) is a
statutory enactment of Privilege, as held by the Court of Appeal in Mariwu at
[24]. Section 23 of the Evidence Act provides as follows:

Admissions in civil cases when relevant

23.—(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

10 It is trite law that there are two prerequisites before Privilege can be
invoked. The first is that the communication must constitute or involve an
“admission”, namely, statements or actions that appear on their face to go
against the interest of the maker. The second is that the communications (in
respect of which the privilege is claimed) must have arisen in the course of
negotiations to settle a dispute: Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañia
De Navegación Palomar, SA and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894
(“Ernest Ferdinand”) at [67] and [89]. Accordingly, there must in fact be a
dispute which the parties are trying to settle: Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte
Ltd v Singapore Telecommunications Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 433 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities dated 27 September 2023 at p 201.

(“Sin Lian Heng”) at [13].

Communications leading up to the 29 August Meeting

11 With the applicable law in mind, I turn first to the communications made
between the parties prior to the 29 August Meeting. The question here is
whether there was a dispute at the material time.

12 Prior to the 29 August Meeting, Mr Hall corresponded with Mr Aitor Gomez-
Maguregui (“Mr Gomez”), the Vice-President of Enterprise Sales of Rapyd, on
his claims for commissions. These communications were pleaded at paragraph
22(a) of the SOC and particularised in the Particulars as including WhatsApp
(“WA”) messages exchanged with Mr Gomez on 21 and 26 July 2022. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st affidavit of Mr Aitor Gomez-Maguregui dated 29 August 2023 (“Mr Gomez’s
affidavit”) at pp 30, 32.

13 Rapyd submits that these messages were sent as, and were intended by Mr
Gomez to be, part of the ongoing discussions between Mr Hall and Rapyd for a
potential resolution of the differences concerning Mr Hall’s claim to
commissions. They form part of a larger series of correspondence which would
have reasonably led to settlement of the dispute, which is protected by the
Privilege under the broad approach taken for without prejudice privilege
(which is discussed at [26] below).

14 As evidence of a dispute, Rapyd points to Mr Hall’s messages to Mr Joel
Yarbrough (“Mr Yarbrough”), Rapyd’s Vice-President of APAC, on 26 August 2022,
where Mr Hall stated that “when [he is] officially told [his] agreement won’t
be honoured [he] will be resigning” and that he “can’t trust Rapyd”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Pleadings dated 23 January 2024 (“ABP”) at p 179.

15 I note, however, that these messages between Mr Hall and Mr Yarbrough were
exchanged on 26 August 2022, whereas Mr Gomez’s WA messages were exchanged
prior to that, on 21 and 26 July 2022. Counsel for Rapyd confirmed that there
was no other evidence of a dispute in July 2022 and that on Mr Gomez’s
messages alone, there is no suggestion of a dispute. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence dated 29 January 2024 (“NE”) at p 3.

The Particulars simply indicate that Mr Gomez informed Mr Hall that payment
should be made soon and that it should be made over the next few days.

16 Therefore, in the absence of evidence of a dispute at the material time, I
find that Privilege does not extend to paragraph 22(a) of the SOC and as
particularised in the Particulars.

Communications at the 29 August Meeting

Whether there was a dispute at the material time

17 I turn next to the communications at the 29 August Meeting. As mentioned
above at [7], Mr Hall submits first that Privilege does not apply because
there had been no dispute which the parties were trying to settle at the
material time of the 29 August Meeting. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 23 January 2024 (“Respondent’s
Submissions”) at para 5(c).

18 As evidence of a dispute leading up to the 29 August Meeting, Rapyd relies
on a set of messages from Mr Hall to Mr Yarbrough around 26 and 28 August
2022. I referred to this earlier and elaborate on them here. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABP at p 179.

(a) On 26 August 2022, Mr Hall expressed his gratitude to Mr Yarbrough for
giving him “the heads up that Rapyd is considering cutting [Mr Hall’s] pay –
again” and that he wanted Mr Yarbrough to know that when Mr Hall was
“officially told [his] agreement won’t be honoured [he] will be resigning”. Mr
Hall said that “[r]emuneration is why” Mr Hall did what he did. Taking it away
from him would be “a mortal blow”.

(b) On 28 August 2022, Mr Hall told Mr Yarbrough that it was “disgusting” that
Rapyd wanted to steal from Mr Hall when he was so dedicated. Mr Hall also said
that he had told Mr Gomez that he would be resigning.

(c) Mr Yarbrough asked Mr Hall on 28 August 2022 if he had had his “1:1
[meeting] with [Mr Shtilman] yet?”

19 At the hearing of the appeal, counsel for Mr Hall submitted that these
messages do not constitute evidence of any dispute between the parties about
Mr Hall’s compensation or commission payments in relation to the Funding
Societies deal. Rather, they only provide evidence of Mr Hall’s concerns about
stock grants or not receiving inflation adjustments in his pay, which he
mentioned in the same set of messages to Mr Yarbrough around 6 July 2022.
Counsel for Mr Hall also submitted that other messages between Mr Hall and Mr
Yarbrough, such as a message where Mr Hall had expressed his disappointment
that Rapyd “blocked and again destroyed the other Funding Socities [sic] deals
[Mr Hall] salvaged”, only related to Mr Hall’s concerns of generating future
revenue and not past payments of commissions already earned from the Funding
Societies Deal. However, counsel for Mr Hall acknowledged that even as of 6
July 2022, Mr Hall had complained that he had not been paid his commission for
the first two quarters.

20 With respect, I have several difficulties accepting these submissions.
First, by referring to stock grants, not receiving inflation adjustments in
his pay or not receiving his commission for the first two quarters, Mr Hall
was clearly referring to past payment issues. Counsel for Mr Hall’s submission
that the messages were about future revenue issues was thus contradicted by
counsel’s other submission referring to stock grants and not receiving
inflation adjustment in Mr Hall’s pay. Counsel for Mr Hall further submitted
at the hearing that Mr Yarbrough had not filed any affidavit to explain the
messages, but that does not help advance Mr Hall’s case here, since the
relevant statements are what Mr Hall himself had said in his messages.

21 Second, Mr Hall’s messages to Mr Yarbrough deal with more than just
concerns of stock grants or inflation adjustments to his pay. As seen from the
above extracts of the messages, Mr Hall was expressing his broader concern
that Rapyd was considering cutting his pay, that it would not honour its
agreement with him and that taking remuneration away from him would be a
mortal blow. Mr Hall’s concerns as expressed there are broad and general, and
relate to his pay and remuneration, rather than being limited to what counsel
for Mr Hall submitted. These messages provide evidence of Mr Hall’s broader
concerns over pay, which include among other things, the Funding Societies
Deal.

22 At the same time, I find that Mr Hall’s concerns over his payments may not
have tilted over into a dispute with Rapyd at the point of his messages to Mr
Yarbrough around 6 July 2022. As set out above, Mr Gomez’s WA messages with Mr
Hall in July 2022 also did not suggest that there was a dispute then.

23 However, by around 26 August 2022, Mr Hall had made it clear to Mr
Yarbrough in his messages that he would resign if the agreement with him was
not going to be honoured. In his affidavit, Mr Hall explains that he told Mr
Yarbrough that he would resign if he was not paid what he was owed in full. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit dated 15 September 2023 (“Mr Hall’s affidavit”) at para
45.

By Mr Hall’s own evidence, the disagreement was not merely limited to stock
grants or inflation adjustment or to future revenue issues. In his own words,
the issue was whether he would be paid in full. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at paras 45, 52.

By threatening to resign if he was not, Mr Hall himself was casting this as a
dispute. Notably, Mr Yarbrough did not say that Mr Shtilman would confirm
paying Mr Hall in full at the upcoming “1:1” meeting. Mr Yarbrough also did
not give any assurance as to what Mr Shtilman would say at the meeting. He
simply asked Mr Hall if he had had the “1:1” meeting with Mr Shtilman yet. I
therefore find that there is evidence of a dispute by around 26 August 2022,
and that the “1:1” meeting with Mr Shtilman was to resolve this pay dispute.

24 Mr Shtilman’s evidence is also consistent with the tenor of Mr Hall’s
messages to Mr Yarbrough around 26 to 28 August 2022, where Mr Hall expressed
his concerns that Rapyd would not pay him in full. Mr Shtilman’s evidence is
that by around August 2022, he had concerns about paying Mr Hall in full, in
the lead up to the 29 August Meeting. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at paras 23–25.

He also conveyed his concerns to Mr Casey Bullock (“Mr Bullock”), the Chief
Revenue Officer of Rapyd, by way of an email dated 19 August 2022. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at p 170.

There, Mr Shtilman stated that Mr Hall’s claim for commissions in relation to
the Funding Societies Deal was a “very problematic thing”, a “misuse of
[Rapyd’s] compensation structure” and “ridiculous”. Mr Shtilman was clearly
opposed to Mr Hall’s demands as of 19 August 2022. This is relevant in showing
his mindset going into the 29 August Meeting. While these views were conveyed
by Mr Shtilman only to Mr Bullock and not to Mr Hall prior to the 29 August
Meeting, this does not undermine the evidence of a dispute. By Mr Hall’s own
account, he was also upset that he might not be paid the full sums he
considered were owed by Rapyd and hence Mr Hall threatened to resign.

25 I hence find that based on Mr Hall’s messages with Mr Yarbrough on 26 and
28 August 2022, Mr Hall’s affidavit at paragraph 45, and Mr Shtilman’s email
to Mr Bullock dated 19 August 2022, there is evidence of a dispute about Mr
Hall’s pay at the material time at which the parties attended the 29 August
Meeting. Privilege would therefore apply to the communications at the 29
August Meeting provided that the communications were admissions which arose in
the course of negotiations to settle the dispute, but subject to whether there
was an admission of liability by Mr Shtilman (which Mr Hall submitted there
was).

26 For completeness, I reiterate that the courts have firmly established that
a broad approach should be taken to communications over which Privilege is
asserted. In Unilever PLC v The Procter & Gamble Co [2000] 1 WLR 2436
(“Unilever”), Robert Walker LJ observed at 2448−2449 that “to dissect out
identifiable admissions and withhold protection from the rest of without
prejudice communications (except for a special reason) would not only create
huge practical difficulties but would be contrary to the underlying objective
of giving protection to the parties”. Walker LJ’s dicta was cited in Sin Lian
Heng at [51]. In CSO v CSP and another [2023] SGHC 24 (“CSO”), Andre Maniam J
affirmed Walker LJ’s dicta at [4], and held at [59] that the broad approach
furthers the objective of encouraging settlements, as a matter of policy and
principle and is the position at common law. The High Court in CSO also held
at [76] that the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ernest Ferdinand supports the
broad approach.

Whether the communications at the 29 August Meeting are admissions arising in
the course of negotiations to settle a dispute

27 I next consider whether the communications at the 29 August Meeting
constituted admissions which arose in the course of negotiations to settle a
dispute.

28 First, on either Mr Hall or Mr Shtilman’s account of the contents of the
communications, the 29 August Meeting involved Mr Shtilman making admissions
against his own interest. Under Mr Hall’s account of the events, Mr Shtilman
had agreed to pay Mr Hall the sums owed under the Compensation Plan as a bonus
rather than as commissions, which would be against Rapyd’s interests. Under Mr
Shtilman’s account, Mr Shtilman had conceded to Mr Hall that Rapyd would
continue to honour its commitments under the Compensation Plan. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at para 28.

Either of these admissions is probative of a fact in issue, namely, whether
Rapyd was contractually bound by the Compensation Plan and what the sums owed
to Mr Hall under the Compensation Plan were. Therefore, they are admissions
for the purpose of claiming Privilege: Sin Lian Heng at [43].

29 Second, I am satisfied that there is a prima facie case that the
communications arose in the course of genuine negotiations to settle a
dispute. Mr Shtilman’s evidence is that he had arranged the 29 August Meeting
in an attempt to resolve the dispute between Mr Hall and Rapyd with respect to
Mr Hall’s claims for commission arising out of the Funding Societies Deal. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at para 25.

Mr Hall does not challenge that Mr Shtilman had arranged the meeting.

30 Mr Hall also gives evidence that the meeting was arranged for Mr Hall to
“get the confirmation from Mr. Shtilman that [Mr Hall] would be paid [his]
full entitlement to the commissions”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at para 45.

This suggests that Mr Hall was aware that the 29 August Meeting concerned the
unpaid commissions, although Mr Hall disputes the intended purpose of the
meeting.

31 I am unable to accept Mr Hall’s account that the meeting was purely to
obtain confirmation that Mr Hall would be paid his commissions in full. In Mr
Hall’s WA messages to Mr Yarbrough on 26 and 28 August 2022, Mr Hall raised
his concerns about his compensation and threatened to resign. Mr Yarbrough
responded that he thought that Mr Hall needed to “go in person and share your
experiences and concerns directly”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ABP at p 179.

When Mr Hall expressed further frustrations and said that he had told Mr Gomez
that he would be resigning, Mr Yarbrough asked Mr Hall if he had his “1:1”
meeting with Mr Shtilman yet. There is nothing on the face of these messages
from Mr Yarbrough that suggests that the meeting was simply only to confirm Mr
Hall’s payment in full. I hence find that there is a prima facie case that the
29 August Meeting communications arose in the course of negotiations to settle
a dispute.

Legal approach where parties dispute whether there is an oral admission of
liability

32 I turn next to Mr Hall’s second main submission about the application of
Privilege to the 29 August Meeting. He submits that even if there had been a
dispute, Privilege does not apply as: (a) none of the communications had been
marked “without prejudice” and (b) Mr Shtilman had made an admission of
liability at the 29 August Meeting.

33 I do not accept Mr Hall’s submission that Privilege does not apply as the
communications had not been marked “without prejudice”. In Sin Lian Heng,
Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) held at [10] that it is trite law that the
availability of the “without prejudice” privilege is not dependent upon the
use of the words “without prejudice”, citing Rush & Tompkins Ltd v Greater
London Council [1989] AC 1280 at 1299 and Sinojaya Sdn Bhd v Metal Component
Engineering Pte Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 281 at [31]. The failure to stipulate
expressly that a communication is made “without prejudice” also does not
preclude the operation of s 23 of the Evidence Act. In the absence of express
words, the Court approaches the inquiry with no predilection one way or the
other and examines all the circumstances to determine if the privilege exists:
Sin Lian Heng at [60]. This is an established position in law, and disposes of
Mr Hall’s submission that the communications were not privileged as none of
the alleged without prejudice communications were marked “without prejudice”
or prefaced verbally as being “without prejudice” discussions (or any words to
that effect).

34 I turn next to Mr Hall’s submission that Privilege does not apply because
Mr Shtilman had made an admission of liability. It is established in case law,
and it is undisputed between the parties, that Privilege does not apply where
there is a clear and unequivocal admission of liability: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE at pp 1 and 7.

The Enterprise Fund II Ltd v Jong Hee Sen [2017] 3 SLR 487 (“Enterprise Fund”)
at [19], [20] and [30]; Greenline-Onyx Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto Systems
Singapore Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 40 (“Greenline”) at [17]. As the High Court
found in Sin Lian Heng at [40], [43]–[45], where a debtor clearly acknowledges
his liability, such that the “flag of truce” gives way to the “white flag of
surrender”, there is no legitimate interest left to protect with Privilege.

35 Before I delve further, it is important to bear in mind that the dispute in
this case between the parties as to whether there is an admission of liability
arises primarily because there is no written communication from Rapyd that Mr
Hall can point to as evidence of an admission of liability. Mr Hall’s case is
that Mr Shtilman made such an admission of liability orally during Mr Hall’s
meeting with Mr Shtilman on 29 August 2022. Mr Hall primarily relies on
communications that he himself sent out after this meeting, to people other
than Mr Shtilman, to support his claim. Parties dispute whether the alleged
oral admission of liability was made.

36 This stands in stark contrast to the instances of alleged admission of
liability that were examined in Sin Lian Heng, Greenline and Enterprise Fund.
In these cases, there were written communications from which the court could
then examine the nature of the alleged admissions of liability, including
whether they met the requirement that the admission be clear and unequivocal:
Greenline at [16]–[17] and Enterprise Fund at [19] and [30].

37 Rapyd submits that where it is disputed whether an oral admission of
liability was made, the party asserting such an admission, in this case, Mr
Hall, must prove on the balance of probabilities that such an oral admission
was made. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AR’s Oral Judgment dated 31 October 2023 at paras 6−7.

In the court below, the learned AR rejected this and held that the party
asserting such an admission of liability must show that there are triable
issues as to whether the communications are in fact covered by Privilege.
However, to avoid a striking out, the party denying Privilege must establish a
clear basis for the Court to believe that communications may not be
privileged. Bare and unsubstantiated assertions will not suffice.

38 Mr Hall’s position is that where there is conflicting evidence on the
crucial facts forming the basis of the allegation of Privilege, the Court
should not choose between such conflicting evidence at a striking out
application, but should instead leave the choice to the trial judge. Mr Hall
relies on the Court of Appeal’s dictum from The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR
546 (“The Bunga Melati”) at [45] that “a court should not in a striking out
application choose between conflicting accounts of crucial facts” [emphasis
removed]. That dictum was however, made to explain the approach to a different
legal test, namely when a claim should be considered “factually
unsustainable”, such that it should be struck out. The court went on to note
at [47] that there were certain facts in that case, which suggested that the
appellants had at least an arguable case.

39 The effect of adopting Mr Hall’s approach would be to dismiss a striking
out claim based on Privilege and leave it to the trial judge whenever there
are conflicting accounts over the existence of an alleged oral admission of
liability. There would naturally be conflicting accounts whenever the
existence of an oral admission is disputed. In my view, this approach would
set the threshold far too low. It would be far from what the established case
authorities have required in terms of the legal test for establishing whether
the contents of an admission against interest amounts to an admission of
liability, which is that the admission of liability must be clear and
unequivocal. It would also risk eroding the protection afforded to Privilege
and undermine the policy rationale for it. The English Court of Appeal in
Berry Trade Ltd and another v Moussavi and others [2003] EWCA Civ 715 (“Berry
Trade”) highlighted such risks when it observed at [56] that in a case where
there was no unambiguous impropriety on the evidence, if there was a trial of
the factual dispute relating to the application of Privilege:

[A]t such trial it would be inevitable that the witnesses would have to give
even more evidence to explain what occurred in the without prejudice
discussions. Satellite litigation of this sort is bound to discourage
settlement negotiations for fear of such consequences, and is in our opinion
highly undesirable.

40 I have similar reservations about adopting the “triable issues” approach to
a dispute over the existence of an oral admission. This is a legal test
(rather than a standard of proof) that is applied in summary judgment
applications under O 9 r 17 of the Rules of Court 2021. In an application for
summary judgment, the applicant has to first show that he has a prima facie
case for judgment, and once he has done that, the burden shifts to the
defendant to raise a fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or bona
fide defence to resist summary judgment, such that there are triable issues to
be determined: Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management & Consultancy
Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 (“Ritzland”) at [8], [43]–[45]. The
underpinning judicial considerations are quite different, as can be seen from
the following extract from Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at paragraph 14/4/2:

The policy of [the summary judgment provision in the revoked Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)] is to prevent delay in cases where there is no
defence (per Robert Goff L.J. in European Asian Bank A.G. v Punjab and Sind
Bank (No. 2) [1983] 1 W.L.R 642 at 654; [1983] 2 All E.R. 508 at 516, CA
(Eng)), and therefore … once the court concludes that there is no triable
issue…it will ordinarily give judgment for the plaintiff.

41 The threshold required to satisfy the court in summary judgment
applications that a matter should proceed to trial is lower. The reason for
the lower threshold is that the policy behind summary judgments is to enable a
plaintiff with a strong claim to secure a judgment in a period of time and at
an expense which is proportionate to the dispute, and to enable the court to
conserve scarce public resources where there is no reasonable or fair
probability that deploying those resources in a full trial would make a
difference to the just determination of the dispute: Ritzland at [46].

42 On the other hand, there is no policy reason to adopt a lower threshold
when a party resists Privilege on the basis of a disputed oral admission of
liability. I have serious concerns that adopting the legal test of “triable
issue” in such situations would erode the protection that has been given to
Privilege. In Sin Lian Heng, the court cited at [27] the Canadian decision of
Hansraj v Ao (2002) ACWSJ 6409 where Slater LJ held that the “[t]he privilege
is clearly an important one, and in cases of doubt as to whether the
correspondence does relate to the negotiations, the Court should undoubtedly
err on the side of protecting the privilege.”

43 In Berry Trade, the English Court of Appeal expressed concern at [48] that
applying a test of a serious and substantial risk of perjury would
considerably weaken the requirement of unambiguous impropriety for there to be
an exception to Privilege. It held that the judge below should have looked for
nothing less than unambiguous impropriety. In my view, for similar reasons,
the legal test applied to assessing whether an admission against interest
amounts to an oral admission of liability should be nothing less than what has
been established and is expected where there are written communications from
which the court can assess the content and context. The legal test is that the
admission of liability has to be clear and unequivocal. Counsels for both
Rapyd and Mr Hall also acknowledged at the hearing that they could find no
reason why a lower test should be applied simply because the existence of an
oral admission of liability is disputed. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE at pp 2 and 7.

44 At the same time, I do not accept Rapyd’s submission that the party
asserting the oral admission of liability must prove the existence of such an
oral admission on a balance of probabilities. I find [129] of The Bunga Melati
to be instructive on this point. There, the Court of Appeal held that:

However, if the defendant is only prepared to rely on its affidavits, the
court will only be able to determine the disputed issue on a preliminary
basis. Consistent with the nature of the hearing, there can be no finding of
fact on the balance of probabilities, but only on a prima facie basis that, on
the facts, the court has jurisdiction… It does not matter how the standard of
proof (at the interlocutory/jurisdictional stage) is labelled provided it is
understood that a factual dispute cannot be conclusively decided on contested
affidavit evidence alone.

[emphasis in original]

45 It is clear from the above dictum that disputed issues of fact at the
interlocutory stage cannot be conclusively decided on contested affidavit
evidence alone. It can only be determined on a preliminary basis and hence
there can be no finding of fact on the balance of probabilities in such
situations. As Mr Hall has made his contention at this interlocutory stage of
OC 78 that there is an oral admission of liability only on the basis of
affidavits, and he has made no application that the makers of the affidavits
be cross-examined pursuant to O 15 r 7(6) of the Rules of Court 2021 in the
court below or on appeal, I proceed on the basis of the affidavit evidence
alone. Following The Bunga Melati at [129], the court can only determine the
disputed issue of whether such an oral admission was made on a prima facie
basis. I therefore do not accept Rapyd’s submission that Mr Hall must prove on
the balance of probabilities that the alleged oral admission was made.

46 In summary, in my view, where the applicability of Privilege is being
considered and parties dispute whether an oral admission of liability was
made, in reliance only on affidavits, the standard of proof on which the court
is to determine the existence of such an oral admission is on a prima facie
basis. The party seeking to rely on such an oral admission bears the legal
burden of proving this. If the court finds that such an oral admission was
made on a prima facie basis, the party relying on such an oral admission of
liability must still satisfy the court as to the established legal test that
the alleged admission against interest was a clear and unequivocal admission
of liability. The above dicta from The Bunga Melati at [129] and the above
analysis was brought to the attention of parties at a further hearing. Both
parties agreed that this is the legal position. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 February 2024 at pp 1–2.

47 The prima facie standard has been well explained by the courts in the
context of other areas of the law. In Mak-Levrion Kah Kay Natasha v R Shiamala
[2023] SGHC 335 (“Mak-Levrion”), Goh Yihan JC (as he then was), in the context
of a summary judgment, observed at [16] that “prima facie” is defined to mean
“at first sight” or “on first appearance but subject to further evidence or
information” and a “prima facie case” is defined to mean “a party’s production
of enough evidence to allow the fact-trier to infer the fact at issue and rule
in the party’s favour”: Bryan Garner, Black’s Law Dictionary (Thomson Reuters,
11th Ed, 2019) at p 1441. Goh JC further held at [18] that a prima facie case
should be (a) supported by a claimant’s own evidence; (b) internally
consistent; and (c) not inherently unbelievable without good explanation.

48 In Millsopp, Michael Joseph v Then Feng [2022] SGHC(A) 27 (“Millsopp”), the
Appellate Division discussed the principles of establishing a prima facie case
in the context of a submission of “no case to answer” in a civil case. Where a
defendant makes a submission of “no case to answer”, the claimant’s legal
burden of proving its case on a balance of probabilities will be discharged if
he satisfies the court that there is a prima facie case on each of the
essential elements of the claim: Millsopp at [11], citing Ma Hongjin v SCP
Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 304 at [32]–[33]. Woo Bih Li JAD made the
following observations at [12]–[13]:

12 … even though a court will assume that any evidence led by the plaintiff is
true in evaluating a submission of “no case to answer”, this is subject to the
qualification that his evidence is not inherently incredible, out of common
sense, unsatisfactory or unreliable… The court must therefore consider all the
evidence before it in determining whether the plaintiff has succeeded in
establishing a prima facie case.

13 … based on all the evidence before the Judge, the appellant has not shown
that the Judge erred in finding that his evidence was unsatisfactory and
unreliable so that he had failed to establish a prima facie case that there
was any [foreign exchange services agreement] between the parties.

[emphasis in original]

49 A practical application of a prima facie case evaluation in the context of
lifting legal advice privilege and litigation privilege where there was an
allegation of fraudulent behaviour can be usefully seen in Lai Siu Chiu J’s
decision in Gelatissimo Ventures (S) Pte Ltd and others v Singapore Flyer Pte
Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 833 (“Gelatissimo”). Gelatissimo concerned an application by
the plaintiffs to strike out particular passages in an affidavit filed by the
defendant, which referred to communications that the plaintiff alleged were
protected by legal advice privilege and litigation privilege. At [81] of
Gelatissimo, Lai J held that:

[W]here the party seeking to lift privilege is relying solely on
circumstantial evidence and his own affidavits, it would [sic] difficult for
him to show a prima facie case of fraud. On the other hand, if the party is
already in possession of the privileged communication and is merely trying to
have it admitted as evidence, then his possession of those communication
(assuming it is indicative of fraud) is likely to greatly bolster his case.

[emphasis in original]

50 Drawing on the principles of assessing a prima facie case as set out above,
applied to the present context, Mr Hall must prove that there is enough in the
affidavit evidence to allow the court to infer that the alleged oral admission
was made. The court will consider all the evidence before it, assessing
whether the evidence is inherently incredible, out of common sense,
unsatisfactory or unreliable, in determining whether Mr Hall has succeeded in
establishing a prima facie case that the alleged oral admission was made.

51 With this in mind, I turn to the evidence before the court.

Whether there is evidence of a clear and unequivocal admission

52 Mr Hall’s position is that Mr Shtilman had agreed at the 29 August Meeting
to pay him 100% of the commission earned in the Funding Societies deal. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at paras 48−50.

53 Mr Shtilman’s account is that during the 29 August Meeting, Mr Shtilman had
shared with Mr Hall his concerns and difficulties with paying him commissions
arising from the Funding Societies Deal. However, as Mr Hall was not receptive
to these concerns, and insisted on being paid the full extent of his
commission, the parties were unable to reach a resolution. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at paras 25–26.

54 Mr Hall broadly relies on 3 sets of documents to support his claim that Mr
Shtilman had made an admission of liability.

55 First, Mr Hall refers to an email he sent to Mr Bullock on 29 August 2022
(the “29 August Email”) 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at para 48.

after his meeting with Mr Shtilman. He informed Mr Bullock that he “wanted to
share” some meeting minutes from his meeting with Mr Shtilman. This included
the points that “Rapyd will pay 100% of the Q1 commission as per [Mr Hall’s]
Comp Plan” and that payment “will be as a 'bonus' not as a 'Commission
Payment'. [Mr Shtilman] mentioned this was to do with Financial Auditing
reasons and 3rd party perception”.

56 On the face of this email, it was sent to Mr Bullock, who was not party to
the 29 August Meeting, and could not verify if the contents in the 29 August
Email were true.

57 Mr Bullock’s lack of immediate response to Mr Hall’s email cannot be taken
as a verification of the truth of its contents, contrary to Mr Hall’s
submission, nor can such verification be inferred from the delay in response.
Mr Bullock explained that he did not consider it necessary to reply to Mr Hall
as he expected to be updated by Mr Shtilman if any agreement had been reached.
Mr Bullock responded to Mr Hall by WA message on 1 September 2022 that he was
reviewing the commission. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at p 154.

Mr Bullock subsequently emailed Mr Hall on 7 September 2022 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at p 204.

and again on 19 September 2022 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at p 206–207.

regarding payment issues. Importantly, Mr Bullock was not under any obligation
to respond immediately, whether to refute or confirm what Mr Hall had stated.
Counsel for Mr Hall accepted that there was no such legal obligation, but
submitted that Mr Bullock should have done so immediately because Mr Hall was
a subordinate. However, with respect, I do not see any reason why this should
make a difference. I find no satisfactory reason given as to why the lack of a
response from Mr Bullock in the interim period should be taken as confirmation
of what Mr Hall said in his 29 August Email.

58 The only person who could have verified the contents of the 29 August Email
was Mr Shtilman. Mr Hall did not specifically explain in his affidavit why he
chose to send this email to Mr Bullock instead. Counsel for Mr Hall submitted
that this was because Mr Bullock preferred Mr Hall to raise issues through him
and Mr Gomez, who would be his “advocates”, instead of going to Mr Shtilman
directly. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 37.

However, as Rapyd pointed out at the appeal, these sentiments were from WA
messages that were sent on 6, 14 and 16 September 2022, some one to two weeks
after the 29 August Email. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at paras 76 and 77, pp 162, 164, 166 and 243.

Hence, they do not appear to be a contemporaneous record of the reason for Mr
Hall’s decision not to send the 29 August Email to Mr Shtilman directly. In
any event, even after Mr Bullock’s message to Mr Hall on 16 September 2022, Mr
Hall still reached out directly to Mr Shtilman by WA and email in October
2022. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at para 103.

59 Second, Mr Hall refers to subsequent e-mails and messages that he sent to
Mr Shtilman, Mr Bullock and Mr Gomez where he reiterated that Mr Shtilman had
agreed that Mr Hall would be paid a bonus for the Funding Societies deal,
which would be 100% equivalent to the amount Mr Hall would have received under
the Commission Plan. However, it is clear from the face of the emails that
these were Mr Hall’s own accounts and none of the parties confirmed the
account he set out in the emails or messages. As the parties were not under an
obligation to respond to Mr Hall or to respond to him immediately, it cannot
be inferred that their lack of response affirms what Mr Hall stated in these
communications.

60 Third, Mr Hall relies on WA messages that he sent to his wife and
colleagues. These again are Mr Hall’s own account of what transpired at the 29
August Meeting, sent to persons who could not corroborate the positions set
out by him. In addition, Mr Hall’s messages to his wife have no context and
are not dated. She refers to Mr Hall sharing “brilliant news” but there is no
explanation as to what such news was. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at p 135.

As for Mr Hall’s WA messages with his friends, Mr Pedro Myer and Mr Thomas
Kang, these took place on 5 and 7 September 2022 respectively. They are
therefore not contemporaneous records.

61 Mr Hall also sent a WA message to Mr Bullock on 1 September 2022 asking
whether Mr Bullock had had the chance to “confirm the meeting minutes” that Mr
Hall had shared. However, Mr Bullock’s response on 1 September 2022 was that
he was “reviewing [Mr Hall’s] commissions as well as a handful of others with
Mr Shtilman”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at p 154.

Notably, in his reply, Mr Bullock chose not to confirm Mr Hall’s account,
which was that the compensation for the Funding Societies Deal had already
been agreed to by Mr Shtilman at the 29 August Meeting. Mr Bullock also sent
Mr Hall an email on 7 September 2022 stating that Mr Shtilman needed
“additional information before he’s willing to give a final view on this”. In
an email dated 19 September 2022, Mr Bullock explained to Mr Hall that there
have been several compensation committee discussions on the issue of Mr Hall’s
claimed commissions, and stated that, with respect to Funding Societies,
“Funding Societies is ineligible for commissions”. Mr Bullock’s communications
with Mr Hall in the weeks after the 29 August Meeting thus do not support Mr
Hall’s account of what Mr Shtilman had agreed to.

62 The learned AR found that Rapyd was at this point resiling from an
agreement reached at the 29 August Meeting. I am unable to reach a similar
conclusion. There is, as pointed out above, no evidence corroborating Mr
Hall’s claim of an oral admission of liability by Mr Shtilman, other than Mr
Hall’s own account. It would hence be too speculative to consider Rapyd’s
communications post 7 September 2022 as resiling from an agreement. As pointed
out above, even when Mr Bullock first responded by WA to Mr Hall on 1
September 2022, he did not confirm Mr Hall’s account but said instead that he
was reviewing Mr Hall’s commissions. Ultimately, the onus is on Mr Hall to
show a prima facie case that the alleged oral admission of liability had
occurred. In the absence of any extrinsic evidence supporting Mr Hall’s
account of the disputed oral admission, I find that he has not shown such a
prima facie case.

63 In any event, even if Mr Hall’s case is taken at its highest, and I accept
that there is a prima facie case that Mr Shtilman made the alleged oral
admission at the 29 August Meeting, Mr Hall has not shown that there was a
clear and unequivocal admission of liability, bearing in mind the context of
the surrounding evidence.

64 Mr Hall’s account was that “Rapyd will pay 100% of the Q1 commission as per
my Comp Plan”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Hall’s affidavit at para 48.

There was however, a dispute between the parties as to Mr Hall’s entitlement
under the Compensation Plan. It is uncertain whether Mr Shtilman meant that
Rapyd would pay Mr Hall 100% of the commission as per Mr Hall’s understanding
of his entitlement, or that Rapyd would only pay Mr Hall what Rapyd considered
him to be properly entitled to under the Compensation Plan. Mr Shtilman had
earlier emailed Mr Bullock on 19 August 2022 about his reservations with
paying Mr Hall under the compensation structure. He stated that while he was
willing to pay Mr Hall a one-time bonus of $55,000 for his performance
overall, he did not want to link such payment to the deal because it would be
a misuse of Rapyd’s compensation structure. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Shtilman’s affidavit at p 170.

While there were suggestions that Mr Shtilman may have changed his mind, those
are, in my view, speculative.

65 In addition, the alleged agreement reached with Mr Shtilman entailed Mr
Hall being paid a “bonus” instead of “commission”, but with the same quantum.
As set out above, I do not find there to be a clear and unequivocal agreement
to pay the quantum that Mr Hall thought was due under the Compensation Plan.
But even if there were such an agreement, the use of a different term to
classify the payment raises further doubt as to whether there was a clear and
unequivocal admission of liability to Mr Hall’s entitlement under the
Compensation Plan. That there was a discussion of payment of “bonus” rather
than “commission” suggests the possibility that Mr Shtilman was not looking to
follow the entitlement under the Compensation Plan.

66 It is useful to bear in mind Enterprise Fund at [30], where it was held
that while the court did not “doubt that an admission of liability could
sometimes be implied by what was said in a communication, such an admission
would still need to be clear and unequivocal (ie, it had to be clear and
obvious that that was the implication).” In view of the above analysis, even
if there is a prima facie case that Mr Shtilman had made the alleged oral
admission, it cannot be said that there is evidence of a clear and unequivocal
admission of liability.

67 Mr Hall also submits that based on Mr Shtilman’s evidence at paragraphs 26
and 28 of his affidavit, Mr Shtilman was not offering any concession to Mr
Hall, but on the contrary, Mr Shtilman was seeking a concession from Mr Hall.
Therefore, Mr Hall submits that adopting the approach of Lord Mance in
Bradford & Bingley plc v Rashid [2006] 1 WLR 2066 (“Bradford”) at [83], there
was no relevant dispute about Rapyd’s indebtedness at the 29 August Meeting
and Privilege does not apply here. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 5(e) and 25.

However, this citation does not assist Mr Hall. Lord Mance had found that the
defendant in Bradford was seeking a concession in respect of an undisputed
debt. Paragraphs 26 and 28 of Mr Shtilman’s affidavit do not contain
admissions of an undisputed debt. Neither, when properly examined, do they
imply that Mr Shtilman was seeking a concession from Mr Hall. These paragraphs
only state that Mr Shtilman shared his concerns with Mr Hall and assured him
that he would be paid what he is properly entitled to under the Compensation
Plan.

68 In summary, I find that Mr Hall has not shown that there was a clear and
unequivocal admission of liability from Mr Shtilman. I therefore find that the
discussions at the 29 August Meeting are protected by Privilege. Where
pleadings plead or disclose without prejudice communications, they are liable
to be struck out: Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another [2010] SGHC 35
at [17]. In the instant case, the relevant pleadings referencing
communications protected by Privilege during the 29 August Meeting are
therefore struck out.

Communications after the 29 August Meeting

69 As I have found that there was no admission of liability made at the 29
August Meeting, the parties’ continued discussions to explore a resolution to
Mr Hall’s claim after the 29 August Meeting would also be covered by
Privilege. This is consistent with the broad approach taken for without
prejudice communications: CSO at [50]−[76].

Conclusion

70 In conclusion, I allow the appeal in part, and order that paragraphs 22 and
36 of the SOC be struck out, with the exception of the communications stated
at paragraph 22(a) of the SOC and as particularised in the Particulars. If
parties are unable to agree on costs, they are to file written submissions on
costs, of not more than 5 pages, within 7 days of this Judgment.

|  
---|---  
Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court  
  
Mohamed Nawaz Kamil (August Law Corporation) for the claimant;

Tan Kai Liang, Chia Su Min Rebecca, Jonathan Kenric Trachsel and Matthew Soo
Yee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Feb 2024 (12:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

