Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE cOURTS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 12

District Court Appeal No 103 of 2023

Between

WRP

… Appellant

And

WRQ

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Consent orders — Variation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WRP

  
v

  

WRQ

[2024] SGHCF 12

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 103 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
7 February 2024

14 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (the “Wife”), aged 50, was a homemaker throughout the marriage
but was employed by the respondent merely to give her a salary, without her
actually working. The respondent (the “Husband”), aged 50, is a businessman.
He worked as a middleman in the electronics industry and is now unemployed.
Counsel is unable to say when his unemployment started. The parties married on
24 September 1997, and have three daughters, now aged 20, 17, and 14 (together
the “Children”). The Wife filed for divorce on 11 March 2013. On 28 March
2013, a consent order was filed in court. Interim judgment (“IJ”) was granted
on 22 April 2013, and final judgment on 24 July 2013. The consent order (the
“Consent Order”) is central to the dispute in the present proceedings. The
Consent Order contains three main terms:

(a) Parties would have joint custody of the Children, with care and control
going to the Wife, and reasonable access to the Husband.

(b) The Husband would pay the Wife a lump sum maintenance of $1m for the Wife
and $1m for the Children (total of $2m) within seven days of IJ date.

(c) Parties would continue to reside at the matrimonial home which was to be
sold in the open market after the youngest daughter reaches the age of 21
years. Next, after deducting the expenses incident to the sale, the balance
sale proceeds would be divided equally between them. The Husband would refund
his own Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account from his own share of the
proceeds.

(i) Parties would wholly retain their own assets which are not specifically
mentioned in the Consent Order. No claim can be made in respect of these
assets.

2 Ten years later, in 2023, the Husband applied to vary the Consent Order, and
the Wife applied for Children’s maintenance. The Husband now wants to sell the
matrimonial home forthwith. He wants the Wife to reimburse him for payments he
made for her and the Children’s living and household expenses from IJ date
till the date the matrimonial home is sold (FC/SUM 994/2023). He also wants
refunds to the parties’ CPF accounts to be made before the sale proceeds are
divided equally between them (FC/SUM 2120/2023). The Wife wants the Husband to
pay her $1,050,000, as unpaid maintenance to be paid by the Husband under the
Consent order (FC/SUM 1269/2023).

3 The district judge (“DJ”) below allowed the Husband’s summonses in part. He
ordered that the matrimonial home be sold forthwith, and that parties were to
bear the mortgage loan repayments and the property tax for it equally from the
date of his order. The Wife’s CPF refund from the sale proceeds was to come
from her own share. Her summons was dismissed. This is her appeal.

4 The main issue is whether the Consent Order should be varied. The court has
the power, pursuant to s 112(4) Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“Women’s Charter”), to vary orders, including consent orders relating to the
division of matrimonial assets. This power is sparingly exercised because of
the “fundamental importance of finality in the context of the division of
matrimonial assets”. The court may vary an order if it is “unworkable or has
become unworkable” (AYM v AYL [2013] 1 SLR 924 (“AYM v AYL”) at [22]-[23]). An
order may become unworkable when circumstances have changed radically such
that implementing the original order would “be to implement something which is
radically different from what was originally intended”. It is “very rare and
very extreme” for such subsequent changes in circumstances to be radical
enough to justify variation because “the nature of an order for the division
of matrimonial assets demands that finality and certainty are of paramount
importance” (AYM v AYL at [25]-[26]).

5 It will require even more to vary a consent order. In addition to the
finality requirement, there is a policy objective of freedom of contract (and
the related concept of sanctity of contract) “which ought to be given effect
to (as far as is possible) by the court”. As such, in relation to consent
orders, vitiating factors such as fraud, mistake, and a lack of full and frank
disclosure, may operate to unravel the consent order (AYM v AYL at [15],
[29]-[31]). Although the idea of sanctity of contract is not applied directly
in matrimonial proceedings as if they were commercial enterprises, weight is
given to the negotiated settlement of the parties. Much give and take are
involved in reaching such settlements, and the court should keep this in mind
lest it gives more to the taker by taking more from the giver, contrary to the
parties’ intentions. In the Consent Order, the Husband agreed that the
matrimonial home can only be sold after the youngest daughter turned 21, with
proceeds to be divided equally. The Wife benefits by having a roof over her
head (at no additional costs), she gains a share of the capital appreciation
earned (if any), and she gains more value from the Husband being responsible
for paying off the mortgage (explained more at [12]-[14] below). In return,
the Husband receives material benefits as well. He retains all other assets in
his own name, and the Wife agrees not to lay claim to them. It is not disputed
that the Husband owns at least one other condominium around the central
business district (the “Shenton Way Property”) which he purchased during the
marriage. The Husband also managed to pay the Wife $2m shortly after final
judgment was granted (per the terms of the Consent Order). It is unknown what
other assets the Husband may have had, but that is the benefit he received. He
did not have to provide disclosure of his other assets, and the Wife did not
share in their division. That was what they agreed.

6 By varying the Consent Order, the DJ eliminated much of the benefits the
Wife was entitled to, and gave them back to the Husband (by freeing him of his
obligations) — without making other adjustments to the Wife’s benefit.
Contrary to the agreement of 2013, she is now disadvantaged. This is not
equitable. The DJ should have taken into account the assets (such as the
Shenton Way Property) that the parties had deliberately excluded as part of
their bargain in finalising the Consent Order. The exclusion of such other
assets, which the Husband has material holdings of, forms the very heart of
that bargain. It is not fair to vary the Consent Order to let the Husband sell
the matrimonial home before the youngest daughter turns 21 years old.

7 In any event, when it comes to an early sale of the matrimonial home, I do
not agree with the DJ that there was unworkability with the Consent Order in
the present case. A consent order may be unworkable where new circumstances
radically change the situation such that “something which is radically
different from what was originally intended” will be implemented instead. (AYM
v AYL at [25]). The DJ considered the common intention of parties when
deciding how to vary the Consent Order. In the present case, the Consent Order
is clear and unambiguous. The Husband and Wife would reside in the matrimonial
home until it is sold after the youngest daughter turns 21 years old. The
Consent Order cannot be clearer. I do not agree with the DJ’s finding that
there was a common intention between the parties to “defer the sale [of the
matrimonial home] for a few years and not for such a long time until the
youngest child turn[s] 21-year[s]-old” to avoid potential financial losses of
selling the then recently purchased matrimonial home. Such a common intention
is in stark contrast to what parties have agreed to record in the Consent
Order, that is for the matrimonial home to be sold almost two decades later.
Both parties were represented by lawyers at the material time. This is not an
endorsement of the Wife’s position that the Consent Order was to provide a
roof over the Children’s head — which the DJ had rejected due to the
inconsistencies in her evidence. It is sufficient that the common intention
that the Husband has put forth, and which the DJ had accepted, is not
sustainable in the light of the clear and unambiguous Consent Order.

8 Mr Siow, counsel for the Husband, submitted before me that this is a good
time to sell because the property market may be facing a slump soon. This
argument will fail even in a commercial agreement, and in a matrimonial
settlement, it should be rejected outright. I accept that the parties had
jointly tried to sell the matrimonial home, but the Wife changed her mind in
going ahead. Her change of mind is irrelevant to her endorsing the Consent
Order. Her intentions and obligations, just as the Husband’s, became mutually
immutable upon the recording of the Consent Order. The records from the Wife’s
previous lawyers are also not helpful. From the contemporaneous communications
adduced, the parties had substantially negotiated the terms between themselves
before getting lawyers involved. Crucially, when advised by her lawyer to
provide a date for the sale of matrimonial home, the Wife instructed her
lawyer to proceed with the date on which the youngest daughter turns 21 years
old. Even when advised by her lawyer that a later date could be used, she
preferred this date. It is thus clear that the term restricting sale of the
matrimonial home was proposed by the Wife (on advice from her lawyer), and
this was accepted by the Husband (presumably on advice from his lawyer). Short
of saying that there was fraud, mistake, or other vitiating factors present
then, which the Husband is not saying, he cannot now claim that parties had a
different common intention at the time the Consent Order was agreed on.

9 Therefore, in my view, the original intention of the Consent Order must be
what it provides for, that the Husband and Wife would reside in the
matrimonial home until it is sold after the youngest daughter turns 21 years
old. For the purposes of assessing unworkability, the relevant inquiry is
where the DJ found that the Consent Order was unworkable because the Wife’s
unpleasant conduct at home of harassing the Husband and his father (the
“Grandfather”) amounted to new circumstances that radically changed what was
intended by the Consent Order. I do not agree with the DJ’s findings on the
Wife’s behaviour towards the Grandfather. Mr Siow says that the Husband has
moved out, but the Grandfather remains in the matrimonial home. It is strange
that the Husband would be comfortable leaving his elderly father in the
matrimonial home, if, as he claims, the Wife would harm the Grandfather.
Although there is some evidence of the Wife using the threat of harm to the
Grandfather (in phone communications to the Husband) to get the Husband to
respond, this is quite different from the Wife actually threatening the
Grandfather with harm. Materially, counsel confirmed that the Grandfather has
not filed an affidavit in these proceedings. Without hearing from him
firsthand, it is not fair to the Wife to conclude that she had in fact behaved
improperly towards him. The Consent Order does not provide that the
Grandfather has a right to live in the matrimonial home. If the Husband has
moved out, he might take his father along, or, let him remain, which the Wife
has not raised any objection to.

10 Of course, the Wife should not harass the Husband or threaten him with a
knife, but to vary the Consent Order, there has to be a radical change in
circumstances. The acrimony in the present case is not long and drawn out, nor
is it severe where physical injury was inflicted. The Wife’s conduct has not
met the high threshold of a radical change in circumstances. This is
especially so because the fact that the Husband remarried on 29 March 2023 is
material. Mr Govintharasah, counsel for the Wife, submits that the uncanny
timing in which the first application for variation was filed on 29 March 2023
suggests that the Husband’s remarriage influenced his decision not to continue
to live in the matrimonial home. I accept that the Husband’s remarriage played
a part in his moving out of the matrimonial home. Mr Siow has said that the
Husband wants to sell the matrimonial home because he has “found a new
partner”.

11 As for the other parts of the Husband’s application to vary the Consent
Order which relates to how refunds should be made to the Wife’s CPF account, I
agree with the DJ that the Consent Order is unworkable “in the practical
sense” because it “did not provide for how the [W]ife’s CPF payments towards
the mortgage of the flat is to be refunded”. Both parties dispute the way the
CPF refunds are supposed to be done, and this would result in deadlock over
how the sale proceeds of the matrimonial home are to be applied. Both the Wife
and the Husband have made substantial CPF payments towards the property, with
the Wife needing to refund to her CPF account around $462,753.23 as of July
2023, whilst the Husband needs to refund his CPF account around $590,783.29 as
of September 2023. The Consent Order provides for the Husband to refund his
CPF account from his own share of the sale proceeds, but remains silent as to
the Wife’s part. The latter situation would be advantageous for the Wife. In
the circumstances, I agree with the DJ that it is fair for the Wife’s CPF
refunds to be treated the same as the Husband’s CPF refunds. That is, the Wife
should make the refunds to her CPF account from her own share of the sale
proceeds. This is in line with the spirit of the Consent Order which provides
for the sale proceeds of the matrimonial home to be divided equally.

12 The Husband also asks for the Wife to bear an equal share of the mortgage,
expenses and outgoings of the matrimonial home moving forward. I agree with
the DJ that it would be appropriate to provide clarity on this issue of how
the ongoing mortgage, property tax and expenses are to be borne. This is
because the Consent Order does not expressly provide for parties’
responsibilities, and they are currently disputing these items. Prompt payment
needs to be made, lest the matrimonial home is taken away by the bank,
rendering the Consent Order unworkable. I accept that as a present owner-
occupant of the matrimonial home, the Wife should be responsible for an equal
share of the property tax and expenses related to the matrimonial home.
Afterall, these are the costs associated with her utilisation of the
matrimonial home. However, I do not agree with the DJ’s application of TIC v
TID [2019] 1 SLR 180 (“TIC v TID”) (at [20]), with respect to making the Wife
responsible for an equal share of the mortgage payments on the basis that she
would eventually own an equal share of equity in the matrimonial home. I am of
the view that the present case is different from TIC v TID which does not
involve a consent order. Here, the Husband and Wife made a bargain (at [5]-[6]
above). The Wife had been given an equal share of the matrimonial home because
she had (in part) given up her claims to the Husband’s other assets, and
cannot now be made to contribute to the mortgage payments.

13 The Consent Order is silent as to who pays the mortgage. It is undisputed
that the Husband is the sole mortgagee. As Mr Govintharasah argued before the
DJ below, this means that “the ultimate obligation falls on [the Husband] to
clear the loan”. He is “the only one taking the loan”. Although the Wife had
used her CPF monies towards equal repayment of the mortgage prior to the
divorce, and for some time after the divorce and Consent Order, she was not
obliged to have done so. She stopped contributing equally to the mortgage
payments some time in 2015 because “she was not gainfully employed to
contribute to the payment”. Mr Siow conceded before the DJ that he was “not
aware of any objective evidence paper wise” as to whether the Husband had
asked the Wife to pay for the mortgage prior to 2020. Mr Siow explained that
the $1m of maintenance monies which the Wife had given to the Husband to
offset her and the Children’s expenses were used to defray this expense.
Counsel conceded that there was no evidence that the $1m from the Wife was
used for the “loan”, presumably, the mortgage.

14 In the circumstances, I am of the view that there is no agreement or
obligation that the Wife pays a share of the mortgage. She might have made
voluntary payments in the past, just as the Husband had voluntarily
contributed to her (and the Children’s) expenses (as at [15] below), but, she
was not obliged to continue doing so. As the sole mortgagee for the
matrimonial home, the Husband remains responsible for the loan, and for
fulfilling the terms of the Consent Order which provide that the matrimonial
home is only to be sold after the youngest daughter turns 21 years old. This
is not unfair to the Husband, who has retained his other assets (which are not
fully known) in line with what was agreed to in the Consent Order. It is
equitable that if the only matrimonial asset the Wife receives is an equal
share in the matrimonial home, that she is not made to pay for her own share
as well — absent terms for her to do so.

15 Finally, in relation to the Wife’s claim for the Husband to pay her
$1,050,000, being the balance of the lump sum maintenance order to be paid by
the Husband under the Consent order, and the Husband’s application for the
Consent Order to be varied to provide for the Wife to reimburse him for all
payments he made towards her and the Children’s living and household expenses
from IJ date till the date the matrimonial home is sold. There is no basis for
these matters to be sought for in the present proceedings because the
maintenance obligations under the Consent Order have long been fulfilled by
the Husband. It is undisputed that the Husband had already paid to the Wife a
lump sum of $2m for maintenance (for herself and the Children) pursuant to the
Consent Order. There is thus no basis for the Wife to claim a further
$1,050,000 in maintenance (under the Consent Order) from the Husband. If she
had lent the Husband that sum, and it remains unpaid, her claim lies in a
separate action. The same applies for the Husband’s claim for reimbursement of
all the monies he had expended on the Wife and Children since IJ date. He had
already fulfilled his maintenance obligation pursuant to the Consent Order.
His decision to go above and beyond that does not mean that he has a claim
against the Wife. If he had done so pursuant to an understanding or agreement
with the Wife, which has been breached, his claim lies in a separate action as
well. As for future expenditure on the Wife and Children, the Husband is free
to spend his money as he sees fit. There are no grounds for a variation of the
Consent Order to be made here.

16 For completeness, I had allowed the Wife’s application to adduce a further
affidavit containing evidence from two of the daughters, and the Husband’s
application for an extension of time, and to amend his case. The Wife’s appeal
is allowed in part. The Husband’s applications for variations are dismissed,
save that the Consent Order be varied to provide that the Wife’s CPF refunds
are to come from her own share of the sale proceeds, that she is responsible
for an equal share of the property tax and expenses related to the matrimonial
home, and that the Husband is solely responsible for the mortgage repayments
(at [11]-[14] above). The Wife’s application for maintenance is dismissed in
full.

17 No orders as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Govintharasah s/o Ramanathan (Gurbani & Co LLC) for the appellant;  
Siow Itming (Temple Counsel LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Feb 2024 (15:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

