Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 45

Originating Application No 1021 of 2023

In the matter of Section 73C of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969

Between

| Loke Wei Sue  
---|---  
|  
  
… Applicant

And

| Paul Jeyasingham Edwards  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Courts and Jurisdiction — Vexatious litigants — Litigant persistently re-
litigating final and unappealable decisions — Whether to grant extended civil
restraint order — Section 73C Supreme Court of Judicature Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loke Wei Sue

  
v

  

Paul Jeyasingham Edwards

[2024] SGHC 45

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 1021 of 2023  
Valerie Thean J  
22 November 2023, 11 January 2024

20 February 2024

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 Access to justice, a fundamental requirement of the rule of law, relies upon
the well-husbanded use of limited resources. Litigants who persistently pursue
vexatious claims do so at a cost to other litigants and members of society.
Section 73C of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)
came into effect on 1 January 2019, as part of a broader civil restraint order
regime that was introduced, through the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment
No 2) Act 2018 (Act 46 of 2018), to grant the courts greater flexibility to
deal with vexatious litigants (see Singapore Parl Debates; Vol 94, Sitting No
84; [2 October 2018]).

2 Under this civil restraint order regime, our courts are empowered to make
three different types of orders to address varying degrees of vexatious
conduct: (a) the limited civil restraint order under s 73B of the SCJA; (b)
the extended civil restraint order (“ECRO”) under s 73C of the SCJA; and (c)
the general civil restraint order under s 73D of the SCJA.

3 In the present case, the respondent, Mr Paul Jeyasingham Edwards (“Mr
Edwards”), was formerly a tenant of the applicant, Ms Loke Wei Sue (“Ms
Loke”), at 5A Ontario Avenue #03-02 The Windsor Singapore 576194 (“the
Property”). In the course of litigation that first arose out of Mr Edwards’
failure to pay rent, Ms Loke sought, pursuant to s 73C of the SCJA, to
restrain Mr Edwards from commencing any action or application involving,
relating to, or touching upon Mr Edwards’ previous tenancy of the Property and
the various suits that have arisen therefrom, for a period of two years. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ms Loke’s Written Submissions (5 January 2024) (“AWS2”), at paras 76(a)–76(b).

For reasons that follow, I granted Ms Loke the order on 11 January 2024.

Facts

Initial tenancy dispute between the parties

4 Ms Loke is the owner of the Property, which had been rented to Mr Edwards
since approximately 2013. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ms Loke’s First Affidavit (6 October 2023) (“AA1”), at para 17(b). Mr Edwards’
written submissions (14 November 2023) (“RWS1”), at para 2.

They entered into a written tenancy agreement on 15 May 2017, with rent fixed
at $3,800 per month. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AA1, at para 17(d). RWS1, at paras 2.2 and 2.4.

The parties had varying accounts of what happened next. Ms Loke contended that
the 2017 tenancy agreement was only for a term of 12 months, and expired on 14
June 2018 when Mr Edwards failed to give written notice for the extension of
the lease. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AA1, at paras 17(d)–17(e).

Mr Edwards took the position that he gave the required written notice to
extend the 2017 tenancy agreement, and that the agreement was valid until 14
May 2024 unless further extended in writing. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Edwards’ Written Submissions (4 January 2024) (“RWS2”), at para 3.

Ms Loke stated that she continued to rent the Property to Mr Edwards even
after the expiry of the 2017 tenancy agreement as a tenant at will. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AA1, at para 17(e).

5 On 15 December 2020, Mr Edwards defaulted on his payment of rent. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AA1, at para 17(f).

Ms Loke’s solicitors issued a letter of demand against Mr Edwards on 4 January
2021 for the payment of outstanding rent. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ms Loke’s Second Affidavit (28 December 2023) (“AA2”), at para 6. RWS1, at
para 3.1.

Mr Edwards replied on 9 January 2021 with a text message stating that Ms Loke
had previously accepted an agreement for the deferred payment of outstanding
rent. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RWS1, at para 3.1. AA2, at para 6.

Ms Loke contended that Mr Edwards failed to settle the rent arrears, and that
he gave a new promise to begin paying the outstanding rent by the end of
February 2021. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AA2, at para 7.

6 On 20 March 2021, Ms Loke issued a notice of repossession and termination of
the tenancy because Mr Edwards did not keep to his promise to begin payment of
the outstanding rent by the end of February 2021. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AA1, at para 17(g). AA2, at para 8.

Ms Loke also stated that she told Mr Edwards that she would not entertain any
further proposals for the deferred payment of outstanding rent. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AA2, at para 8.

When Mr Edwards contacted Ms Loke on 21 March 2021, Ms Loke told him to
contact her agent. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

RWS1, at para 3.3. AA2, at para 9.

On 30 March 2021, Mr Edwards sent a text message to Ms Loke’s agent which
stated that the tenancy agreement would terminate on 15 May 2021. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AA2, at para 3. RWS1, at para 3.4

Mr Edwards argued, and this was denied by Ms Loke, that this message was only
sent because Ms Loke’s agent requested that the tenancy agreement be
terminated so that a new tenancy agreement could be implemented. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RWS1, at para 3.4.

Ms Loke sent, on 13 April 2021, a reminder about the Notice to Quit, making
clear that termination would be on 15 May 2021 and no extension would be
granted. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AA1, at p 135. See also AWS2, at para 18.

This was reiterated by Ms Loke’s agent to Mr Edwards in a text message on 21
April 2021. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AA1, at p 139. See also AWS2, at para 19.

7 This was the context for a series of protracted lawsuits between the
parties. For ease of explanation, I group the proceedings into five main
categories below:

(a) OSS 94 and SUM 3103;

(b) DC 1662 and its related applications;

(c) DC 146 and its related applications;

(d) OC 311 and its related applications; and

(e) HC/B 1325 and committal proceedings.

OSS 94 and SUM 3103

8 On 11 June 2021, Ms Loke commenced DC/OSS 94/2021 (“OSS 94”) ex parte to
seek leave to levy a writ of distress against Mr Edwards. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AA1, at paras 6(1) and 19. See also AA2, Tab 1, at p 31.

In her supporting affidavit, Ms Loke averred that Mr Edwards had sent her a
text message on 30 March stating that he would terminate the tenancy on 15 May
2021. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AA2, Tab 1, at p 34 at para 7.

OSS 94 was granted on 1 July 2021. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AA2, at para 15. AA2, Tab 1, at p 53.

Ms Loke filed for a writ of distress, DC/WD 8/2021 (“WD 8”), on 7 July 2021.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AA2, at para 15. AA2, Tab 1, at p 56.

9 Mr Edwards then filed DC/SUM 3103/2021 (“SUM 3103”) on 2 August 2021 to set
aside OSS 94. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AA1 at para 21. AA1, Tab 7, at p 96.

The main thrust of Mr Edwards’ argument was that Ms Loke had failed to make
full and frank disclosure in her supporting affidavit for OSS 94. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AA2, Tab 2, at pp 61C–61E. AA1 at para 21. AA1, Tab 7, at p 98.

Specifically, Mr Edwards alleged that Ms Loke failed to disclose the
following: (a) an agreement to defer the payment of outstanding rent; and (b)
the fact that Mr Edwards had only sent the text message on 30 March 2021
because Ms Loke’s agent told him that he had to do so before a new 6 month
tenancy agreement could be granted (“the Fraud Argument”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AA2, Tab 2, at pp 61 and 63–64. See also AA1, Tab 7, at p 105.

SUM 3103 was dismissed by District Judge Kow Keng Siong (“DJ Kow”) on 31
August 2021. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AA2, at para 23. AA1, Tab 7, at p 145.

Mr Edwards did not appeal against DJ Kow’s decision. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AA1, at para 23.

DC 1662 and related applications

10 On 10 August 2021, Ms Loke commenced DC/DC 1662/2021 (“DC 1662”) against Mr
Edwards seeking to recover possession of the Property, rent arrears, and
double rent from 15 May 2021. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AA1, at para 31. AA1, Tab 9, at pp 160 and 164.

11 On 9 September 2021, Mr Edwards filed DC/SUM 3720/2021 (“SUM 3720”) for a
stay of execution of OSS 94 until DC 1662 was heard. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AA1, at para 25. AA1, Tab 8, at p 147.

SUM 3720 was dismissed on 30 September 2021. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AA1, at para 26. AA1, Tab 8, at p 158.

12 On 20 September 2021, Ms Loke filed DC/SUM 3736/2021 (“SUM 3736”) for
summary judgment of DC 1662. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AA1, at para 32.

In the course of SUM 3736, Mr Edwards argued that his 30 March 2021 text
message was not meant to be a termination of his tenancy. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AA2, Tab 9, at p 117E.

The court found against him, and that Ms Loke had a prima facie case for
judgment, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AA2, Tab 9, at pp 133–134.

whereas Mr Edwards did not have an arguable defence. His only pleaded defence
was a bare denial, and only pleaded defences could be considered by the court.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AA2, Tab 9, at p 134D.

Summary judgment was granted on 22 December 2021. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AA1, at para 33. See also RWS1, at para 3.10.

13 On 27 September 2021, Mr Edwards filed two applications. The first, DC/SUM
3869/2021 (“SUM 3869”), was an application to set aside OSS 94 until 30
November 2021. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AA1, at para 28. See also AA2, Tab 5, at p 83.

The second application was DC/SUM 3868/2021 (“SUM 3868”), which sought to set
aside DC 1662 until 30 November 2021. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AA1, at para 34. See also AA1, Tab 10, at p 223.

Both SUM 3868 and SUM 3869 were dismissed on 28 October 2021. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AA1, at paras 29 and 35. AA2, Tab 6, at p 87. AA1, Tab 10, at p 233.

14 Mr Edwards filed DC/SUM 3325/2021 (“SUM 3325”) on 27 August 2021 for a stay
of execution of DC 1662 until SUM 3103 was disposed of. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AA1, at para 58.

SUM 3325 was dismissed on 31 August 2021, which was the same day that SUM 3103
was dismissed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ms Loke’s Written Submissions (14 November 2023) (“AWS1”), at para 6.

15 On 3 January 2022, Mr Edwards filed DC/RA 1/2022 (“RA 1”) to appeal against
the summary judgment granted in SUM 3736. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AWS1, at para 16. AA1, Tab 15, at p 362.

RA 1 was dismissed on 28 January 2022. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AA1, at para 45. AA1, Tab 15, at p 364.

In upholding the lower court’s decision, District Judge Lee Lit Cheng (“DJ
Lee”) affirmed that Ms Loke had a prima facie case for judgment as Mr Edwards
had continued to occupy the Property despite not paying rent. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AA1, Tab 1, at p 39 at para 18.

DJ Lee also affirmed the lower court’s finding that Mr Edwards’ text message
on 30 March 2021 amounted to a termination of the tenancy. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AA1, Tab 1, at p 40 at para 18(d).

Further, Mr Edwards did not have a bona fide defence as none of the defences
he relied on were pleaded, and there were no good reasons for the court to
consider defences that were not pleaded. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AA1, Tab 1, at pp 40–42 at paras 21–24.

16 Shortly after Mr Edwards filed RA1, he filed DC/SUM 151/2022 (“SUM 151”) on
10 January 2022 to stay the execution of the summary judgment obtained in SUM
3736 until RA 1 was heard. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AA1, at paras 39–40. AA1, Tab 11, at p 235.

SUM 151 was dismissed on 8 February 2022. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AA1, at para 41. AA1, Tab 11, at p 238.

17 Mr Edwards then filed HC/RAS 5/2022 (“RAS 5”) on 7 February 2022 to appeal
against the decision in RA 1. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AA1, at para 48. AA1, Tab 13, at p 262.

Notably, Mr Edwards appointed solicitors to represent him in RAS 5. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AA1, at para 48.

Mr Edwards withdrew RAS 5 on 11 April 2022, during the hearing of RAS 5. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AA1, at para 54. AA1, Tab 13, at p 264.

18 Mr Edwards filed DC/SUM 495/2022 (“SUM 495”) on 11 February 2022 to stay
the enforcement of the summary judgment obtained in SUM 3736 until 15 May
2022. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AA1, at paras 49–50. AA1, Tab 15, at p 359.

Ms Loke contended that SUM 495 was in essence an application to stay
proceedings in DC 1662 until RAS 5 was determined. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AA1, at para 50.

Mr Edwards gave the following reasons for seeking a stay: (a) he did not have
sufficient funds to satisfy the judgment and would subsequently come into more
funds; (b) separate proceedings in DC/DC 146/2022 (“DC 146”) were commenced,
which might justify holding matters untilDC 146 was resolved; (c) there was a
pending appeal against the summary judgment; and (d) he had written to Ms Loke
to “hold matters” until 15 May 2022. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AA1, Tab 12, at p 253.

SUM 495 was dismissed on 14 March 2022. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AA1, at para 51. AA1, Tab 15, at p 361.

DC 146 and related applications

19 Mr Edwards commenced DC 146 against Ms Loke on 19 January 2022. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AA1, at para 43. RWS1, at para 3.11. AA1, Tab 14, at p 267.

Mr Edwards had three main heads of claim: (a) he argued that Ms Loke had
breached a purported verbal agreement for the conditional sale of the Property
to Mr Edwards (“the Conditional Sale Agreement”) by attempting to repossess
the Property; (b) that Ms Loke had wilfully misrepresented Mr Edwards’ text
messages during the proceedings in OSS 94 and DC 1662; and (c) that Ms Loke
was negligent in conducting OSS 94 and DC 1662, which caused Mr Edwards
monetary loss and a loss of productivity. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AA1, Tab 14, at pp 269–270.

20 On 9 March 2022, Ms Loke filed DC/SUM 853/2022 (“SUM 853”) to strike out DC
146. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AA2, at para 44. AA1, Tab 16, at p 383.

SUM 853 was granted on 6 October 2022 and DC 146 was struck out. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AA2, at para 45. AA1, Tab 2, at p 45.

The reasoning of the court was as follows. Firstly, the claim for a purported
breach of the Conditional Sale Agreement was an abuse of process as it would
fall within the extended doctrine of res judicata. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AA1, Tab 2, at pp 55–56 at paras 44–47.

Mr Edwards should have pleaded the Conditional Sale Agreement claim in earlier
proceedings, such as in DC 1662 or SUM 3103. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 55 at paras 44–45.

Secondly, the claim for misrepresentation was not a reasonable cause of action
because a misrepresentation to the court was not in itself a cause of action
between the parties. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 48 at paras 18–19.

Lastly, the negligence claim was not a reasonable cause of action as Mr
Edwards had not substantiated any of the elements of the tort of negligence
with material facts. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 49 at para 21.

21 On 10 March 2022, Mr Edwards filed DC/SUM 849/2022 (“SUM 849”). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AA1, at para 62. AA1, Tab 15, at p 312.

In the application, Mr Edwards sought an interim injunction to restrain Ms
Loke from continuing proceedings in DC 1662 or sub-cases thereunder until DC
146 was determined. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AA1, Tab 15, at p 315.

SUM 849 was dismissed on 13 May 2022. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AA1, at para 65. AA1, Tab 15, at p 381.

OC 311 and related applications

22 Mr Edwards commenced DC/OC 311/2022 (“OC 311”) against Ms Loke on 7 July
2022. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AA1, Tab 17, at p 769. AA2, at para 46. See also RWS1, at para 3.13.

The main thrust of OC 311 was that Ms Loke had made false statements and
failed to make full and frank disclosure in her supporting affidavit in OSS
94. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AA1, Tab 17, at pp 771–773.

Accordingly, Mr Edwards sought for the following reliefs: (a) that the
supporting affidavit in OSS 94 be “struck-off”; (b) damages of $180,810; and
(c) that the orders of court in OSS 94 and DC 1662 and their sub-cases be set
aside until the supporting affidavit for OSS 94 was rectified. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AA1, Tab 17, at p 773.

23 On 22 September 2022, Ms Loke filed DC/SUM 2992/2022 (“SUM 2992”) to strike
out OC 311. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AA1, Tab 18, at p 799.

SUM 2992 was granted on 10 November 2022, and OC 311 was struck out for
disclosing no reasonable cause of action. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AA1, at para 79. See also RWS1, at para 4.1. AA1, Tab 18, at p 1490.

In particular, the court was “unable to discern the existence of a tort or any
other cause of action in the [statement of claim]”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 71.

The closest possible tort, the tort of deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation,
would have required the plaintiff to have acted on the misrepresentation. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 71.

Accordingly, it was held that a misrepresentation to the court would not be a
cause of action between the parties. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 71.

The court also stated in obiter that the claim could also be struck out for:
(a) amounting to an abuse of process of the court, as it was a backdoor
attempt to challenge the outcome of OSS 94 and DC 1662; and (b) legal
unsustainability. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 72.

The court also stated that it was not apparent how Ms Loke could rely on the
doctrine of res judicata, action estoppel, or issue estoppel as grounds for
striking out, as she did not show how they could be subsumed under the
relevant heads of O 9 r 16(1) of the Rules of Court 2021. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 73.

24 Mr Edwards filed DC/RA 82/2022 (“RA 82”) on 22 November 2022, which was an
appeal against the decision in SUM 2992. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AA1, at para 81. See also AA2, Tab 15, at p 221 at para 3.

The main points raised by Mr Edwards on appeal were the following: (a) that Ms
Loke had lied in her supporting affidavit for OSS 94; (b) that he could not
have brought the issue up under OSS 94 since it was heard ex parte; and (c)
that the Fraud Argument was not resolved in any of the other hearings. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AA2, Tab 14, at pp 227–228.

In dismissing the appeal, the court held that: (a) filing an affidavit without
full and frank disclosure would not automatically give rise to a cause of
action between the parties; (b) that Mr Edwards could have appealed against
the result of OSS 94 or taken steps to set it aside, and that he had taken
steps to set it aside in SUM 3103; and (c) that any challenge to the affidavit
should have been done under OSS 94 or an appeal in DC 1662. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AA2, Tab 14, at pp 229–230.

RA 82 was dismissed on 29 September 2023. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AA1, at para 81. See also RWS1, at para 4.3. AA2, Tab 14, at p 231.

HC/B 1325 and committal proceedings

25 On 26 May 2022, Ms Loke commenced HC/B 1325/2022 (“HC/B 1325”) for a
bankruptcy order against Mr Edwards. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AA1, at para 6(5).

Ms Loke contended that the purpose of Mr Edwards’ many applications under OSS
94, OC 311, and DC 1662 was to stave off the bankruptcy proceedings for as
long as possible. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AA1, at para 83.

26 Mr Edwards alleged that Ms Loke “filed committal proceedings” against him
in DC/SUM 251/2022 (“SUM 251”) on 7 February 2022. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Mr Edwards’ Affidavit (6 December 2023) (“RA”), at para 3.14.

Ms Loke’s affidavits do not refer to SUM 251. Mr Edwards did not append the
relevant summons in his affidavits.

27 Mr Edwards averred that Ms Loke filed DC/SUM 511/2022 (“SUM 511”) on 10
February 2022, which was an action for “contempt of court”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

RA, at para 3.14.

Ms Loke alleged that SUM 511 was an application to commence committal
proceedings against Mr Edwards. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AA1, at para 58.

SUM 511 was instituted as RA 1 had been dismissed and Mr Edwards had not
delivered vacant possession of the Property to Ms Loke. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AWS1, at para 22.

Mr Edwards alleged that SUM 511 was withdrawn by Ms Loke at an unspecified
date. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

RA, at para 3.14.

Mr Edwards vacated the Property on 5 August 2022. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

RA, at para 3.14.8.

The present application and recent developments

28 On 6 October 2023, Ms Loke applied to restrain Mr Edwards from commencing
any action or application involving, relating to, or touching upon the
following matters for a period of two years: (a) Mr Edwards’ previous tenancy
of 5A Ontario Avenue #03-02 The Windsor Singapore 576194; (b) DC/OC 311/2022;
(c) DC/DC 146/2022; (d) DC/DC 1662/2021; and (e) DC/OSS 94/2021. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Ms Loke’s Originating Application (6 October 2023), at para 2.1.

29 Prior to Ms Loke’s application being heard, Mr Edwards commenced a new
action, DC/OC 1751/2023 (“OC 1751”), against Ms Loke on 20 November 2023. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

RA, at para 3.19.

Despite the pending application, OC 1751 was a claim against Ms Loke for
losses incurred due to her purported misrepresentation in her supporting
affidavit in OSS 94. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AA2, Tab 15, at p 236 at para 7.

30 When the application came on for hearing on 22 November 2023, Mr Edwards
had not filed any affidavits but instead made many factual allegations by way
of submissions. An opportunity was given to him to file an affidavit, and for
Ms Loke to reply. Ms Loke subsequently requested for the ECRO to cover, in
addition to the items listed in her application, the following additional
proceedings: (a) DC/WD 8/2021; (b) OC 1751/2023; and (c) any enforcement
proceedings, including bankruptcy proceedings, already commenced or to be
commenced by the applicant in respect of the summary judgment obtained against
the respondent in DC/DC 1662/2021. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AWS2, at para 76(a).

The parties’ cases

The applicant

31 Ms Loke contended that the requirements of s 73C of the SCJA were fulfilled
as Mr Edwards had “persistently commenced actions or applications that [were]
totally without merit”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AWS1, at paras 4–5.

In this regard, she relied on 12 unsuccessful actions or applications by Mr
Edwards: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AWS2, at para 75, Table B.

(a) SUM 3103;

(b) SUM 3720;

(c) SUM 3869;

(d) SUM 3868;

(e) RA 1;

(f) SUM 151;

(g) SUM 495;

(h) RAS 5;

(i) DC 146;

(j) SUM 849;

(k) OC 311; and

(l) RA 82.

32 Ms Loke argued that Mr Edwards had “persistently” commenced actions or
applications against her. In this regard, she submitted that there was no
quantitative requirement before the court could find that a litigant had
persistently commenced actions or applications – there simply needed to have
been more than one unmeritorious application or action. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AWS1, at paras 44–45.

Ms Loke further submitted that a litigant’s appeal and other interlocutory
applications should be counted separately from the underlying action or
application. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AWS1, at para 47. AWS2, at para 5.

She was of the view that Mr Edwards had “persistently” commenced actions or
applications because he initiated 12 unsuccessful applications and two actions
that were summarily struck out. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AWS1, at para 47.

I will deal with each action and application in turn below.

The respondent

33 Mr Edwards argued:

(a) That he was not a vexatious litigant as Ms Loke had filed more actions and
applications than him. In this regard, Mr Edwards relied on the fact that Ms
Loke filed nine new applications, whereas he had only filed three applications
(DC 146, OC 311, and OC 1751). 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

RA, at para 4.5.

(b) That Ms Loke had frivolously and prematurely filed committal proceedings
against him, which was evident from the fact that Ms Loke withdrew her
committal application. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

RA, at para 4.3.

(c) That his application in SUM 1718 for a stay of execution for the writ of
possession was granted. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

RA, at para 4.4.

(d) That the summary judgment granted in SUM 3736 did not determine the issue
of whether Ms Loke made a fraudulent misrepresentation in her supporting
affidavit for OSS 94. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

RWS1, at para 3.10.

(e) That DC 146 was only struck out because it was a “misfiling”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

RWS1, at para 3.11.

(f) That although OC 311 was struck out, it was not struck out for being res
judicata. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

RWS1, at para 4.2.

Further, Mr Edwards emphasised that OC 311 was not dismissed and was instead
“only struck off because there was no reasonable cause of action”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

RWS2, at para 4.

(g) That while RA 82 was struck out for not disclosing a reasonable cause of
action, the issue of Ms Loke’s purported fraudulent misrepresentation in her
supporting affidavit for OSS 94 was still undetermined in a court of law. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

RWS1, at paras 4.3–4.4.

(h) That the issue of Ms Loke’s fraudulent misrepresentation in her supporting
affidavit for OSS 94 was never adjudicated upon by any court. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

RWS1, at para 5.6.

(i) That OC 1751 had a reasonable cause of action as it was a claim to
reinstate the 2017 tenancy agreement. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

RWS2, at para 5.

My decision to grant the ECRO

The legal context

34 The rationale of the civil restraint order regime, as explained by the
then-Senior Minister of State for Law, was to enhance the court’s flexibility
in dealing with vexatious litigants, by complementing existing powers in s 74
of the SCJA (see Singapore Parl Debates; Vol 94, Sitting No 84; [2 October
2018] (Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Senior Minister of State for Law):

The current approach [under s 74] is limited in two ways. First, the court and
the affected party have no power to act on their own to apply under section 74
regardless of the degree of vexatious conduct, the impact it may have had on
the affected party, as the application must be made by the Attorney-General.
Second, section 74 carries with it severe consequences and may not be
appropriate or properly calibrated to meet, the mischief in question in all
cases.

…

I would preface my response by reminding Members that the power to control
vexatious proceedings is already present. What is being sought to be
introduced in these amendments are broadly two things: one, a gradated
approach so that it is not a “one-size-fits-all” approach in section 74 of the
SCJA as it is presently so; and second, it is to allow for parties aside from
the Attorney-General to also make their application.

…

The policy intention behind these amendments is, as I mentioned earlier, to
allow the courts to have, and to be able to take, a more nuanced approach in
terms of the orders that they make in managing the different levels of
culpability of the vexatious litigants. And this allows the judges to have
more regard to the individual circumstances of each case and to make those
distinctions.

…

The new civil restraint orders seek to complement, but not replace, the
current powers conferred on the courts by section 74.

35 Since the introduction of s 73C of the SCJA in 2019, there have been two
published decisions which have concerned the grant of an ECRO: Joseph Clement
Louis Arokiasamy v Singapore Airlines Ltd and another matter [2020] 5 SLR 869
(“Arokiasamy”) and The National University of Singapore v Ten Leu Jiun Jeanne-
Marie [2023] SGHC 191 (“Jeanne-Marie”).

36 Section 73C(1) provides as follows:

73C.—(1) A court may, if satisfied that a party has persistently commenced
actions or made applications that are totally without merit, make an extended
civil restraint order against the party.

37 The section thus requires the following two elements to be established
before the court may grant an ECRO: (a) that the respondent “persistently
commenced actions or made applications”; and (b) that such actions or
applications were “totally without merit”. After having heard arguments from
the parties, I was of the view that both elements were established on the
facts.

38 As the first requirement is dependent upon the second, I first consider how
an application or action could be viewed as “totally without merit”. In
Arokiasamy, the High Court held that the various applications were barred by
res judicata, based on a statutory provision that was wholly inapplicable,
were wholly misconceived, or time-barred: see Arokiasamy (at [10]–[32]). In
Jeanne-Marie (at [57]), an action or application was considered to be totally
without merit if the court which heard that action or application considered
the matter to be totally without merit. Examples were listed (at [58]): where
it was clear from the court’s reasoning that the application was bound to
fail, or where an action was struck out for a lack of factual basis or was res
judicata.

39 This is consistent with the manner in which our courts have exercised its
inherent power to grant civil restraint orders prior to the enactment of s 73C
of the SCJA. In Cheong Wei Chang v Lee Hsien Loong [2019] 3 SLR 326 (“Cheong”)
and Chua Choon Lim Robert v MN Swami and others [2000] 2 SLR(R) 589 (“Robert
Chua”), the High Court considered whether a litigant’s prior actions were
struck out for being vexatious, an abuse of process, or not disclosing a
reasonable cause of action.

40 In Robert Chua, the court upheld a civil restraint order that had been
granted pursuant to the exercise of the court’s inherent powers. This was
because the court needed to prevent the plaintiff from instituting new
proceedings “alleging and raising repeatedly the same material issues”, which
would constitute “vexatious conduct and an abuse of the process of court”
(Robert Chua at [64]). Notably, the plaintiff’s prior claim against the sixth
and seventh defendants had been struck out for being an abuse of process as it
was barred by issue estoppel (Robert Chua at [37]). This was because the
plaintiff’s allegations were substantially the same as the allegations he made
in a previous suit against the defendants, which had been dismissed.

41 In Cheong, Mr Cheong’s first action had been struck out for not disclosing
a reasonable cause of action. His subsequent action was also struck out for:
(a) not disclosing a reasonable cause of action; (b) being vexatious; (c)
prejudicing the fair trial of the action; and (d) being an abuse of process,
as it was barred by cause of action estoppel (Cheong at [18]–[26]). Mr Cheong
was unable to understand that his claims were vexatious and futile (Cheong at
[73]). Cheong was filed prior to the enactment of s 73C of the SCJA and
recognised that the exercise of the court’s inherent powers may no longer be
necessary after the section came into operation (at [77]).

42 In this context, and for clarity, I mention that some of Ms Loke’s
submissions relied merely on the fact that the relevant applications had been
dismissed. Robert Chua, Cheong, Ariokasamy and Jeanne-Marie show that this is
not sufficient. The statute enjoins that the application or action must be
determined to be “totally without merit”. In such cases, the lack of merit
must be clear from the facts, arguments, judgment or grounds of decision.
Where a matter has been struck out or dismissed for disclosing no reasonable
cause of action, it would be plain that a prior court of competent
jurisdiction had decided the matter to be wholly without merit. This was the
basis on which I approached the various actions and applications.

43 Returning to the first requirement of persistence, I note that Ariokasamy
concerned four incidents, and Jeanne-Marie, five. In this context, I accepted
Ms Loke’s submission that vexatious interlocutory applications may be counted
as an “application” for the purposes of s 73C of the SCJA. The words of the
section allow this interpretation, and such an approach would be consistent
with the underlying legislative object of the ECRO regime to restrict
vexatious litigation: see [34] above.

44 In the present case, I was of the view that at least ten of Mr Edwards’
actions or applications were “totally without merit”. These included: (a) RA
1; (b) DC 146; (c) OC 311; (d) RA 82; (e) SUM 3869; (f) SUM 3720; (g) SUM
3868; (h) SUM 151; (i) SUM 495; and (j) SUM 849.

RA 1, DC 146, OC 311, and RA 82

45 I deal first with RA 1, DC 146, OC 311, and RA 82. These actions and
applications touched on the substance of the initial tenancy dispute between
the parties: (a) RA 1 was Mr Edwards’ appeal against the summary judgment
against him in SUM 3736; (b) DC 146 and OC 311 were actions commenced by Mr
Edwards against Ms Loke; and (c) RA 82 was Mr Edwards’ appeal against the
striking out of his claim in OC 311.

(1) RA 1

46 RA 1 was Mr Edwards’ appeal against the summary judgment obtained against
him in SUM 3736. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AA1, Tab 15, at p 362.

At the hearing of SUM 3736, the deputy registrar had pointed out that his
Defence filed was a bare denial, he had not raised any arguable defences; and
further, none of the arguments he raised had been pleaded. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AA2, Tab 9, at pp 133–134.

Despite this, Mr Edwards failed to amend his Defence. Again, in RA 1, Mr
Edwards sought to rely on the following defences: (a) that there was a valid
tenancy agreement until 15 May 2022; and (b) that he did not terminate the
tenancy agreement via his text message on 30 March 2021. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AA1, Tab 1, at p 41 at para 23.

In addition, he raised, by written submission for the first time, without any
supporting evidence in affidavit, that the Property was sold to Ms Loke’s
father on the condition that Mr Edwards could stay in the Property for as long
as he wanted by paying Ms Loke rent of $3800 per month, or that he could buy
back the Property at an agreed price. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AA1, Tab 1, at p 41 at para 23(c).

In dismissing RA 1, DJ Lee held that Mr Edwards could not rely on those
defences as they were not pleaded. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AA1, Tab 1, at pp 41–42 at para 24.

Further, there were no exceptional circumstances which allowed the court to
consider defences that were not pleaded. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AA1, Tab 1, at pp 41–42 at para 24.

47 I was of the view that RA 1 was totally without merit. Aside from the issue
of pleadings, the affidavits did not reveal any arguable defence. First, it
was not disputed that Mr Edwards had not paid rent after 15 December 2020 and
was in repudiatory breach of the tenancy. Ms Loke was entitled to terminate
the tenancy on that basis, and on 20 March 2021, Ms Loke did terminate the
tenancy by issuing a notice of termination. Mr Edwards sent a text message on
30 March 2021 with his intention to terminate on 15 May 2021, but his
intention was irrelevant. Ms Loke had issued the Notice of Repossession and
Termination on 20 March 2021. Notwithstanding her entitlement under the
Notice, Ms Loke followed on with a letter on 13 April 2021 making clear that
termination would be on 15 May 2021. While Mr Edwards disputed his text
message of 30 March, Ms Loke had in any event followed on to make clear that
termination would be on 15 May 2021. Secondly, Mr Edwards’ argument at the
summary judgment proceedings that the tenancy was valid until May 2022 was a
bare assertion (before me, he made the bare assertion in his 4 January 2024
written submissions that the tenancy was valid until May 2024). Thirdly, even
if there was a conditional sale of the Property by Mr Edwards, that did not
provide a defence to Ms Loke’s claim for repossession. The first purported
condition was that Mr Edwards could continue to live in the Property if he
continued to pay rent. He clearly defaulted on this obligation. The second
purported condition was that the Property could be sold back to Mr Edwards at
an agreed price. Mr Edwards did not need to be in possession of the Property
to purchase it from Ms Loke.

(2) DC 146

48 DC 146 was an action by Mr Edwards against Ms Loke. Mr Edwards alleged the
following: (a) that Ms Loke had wilfully misrepresented his text messages to
the court in OSS 94; (b) that Ms Loke’s negligence in OSS 94 and DC 1662 had
caused him to suffer a loss of productivity and money; and (c) that by
attempting to repossess the Property, Ms Loke had breached a condition of the
sale of the Property, which was that Mr Edwards could reside at the Property
for as long as he paid rent of $3800 monthly and that Mr Edwards could
repurchase the Property at a time of his choosing. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 46 at para 6. See also AA1, Tab 14, at pp 269–270.

DC 146 was struck out in its entirety in SUM 853. In striking out DC 146, the
court held that the first two claims disclosed no reasonable cause of action,
while the last claim amounted to an abuse of process under the extended
doctrine of res judicata. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AA1, Tab 2, at pp 48–49 and 55–56 at paras 19, 21, and 47.

Ms Loke relied on the fact that DC 146 was summarily struck out for not
disclosing a reasonable cause of action and for offending the extended
doctrine of res judicata. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AWS2, at paras 53–55.

49 It is clear that the court which heard SUM 853 was of the view that DC 146
was totally without merit. Firstly, the court held that Mr Edwards’ first
claim did not amount to a cause of action since any purported
misrepresentation by Ms Loke would have been to the court, and not to the
plaintiff. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 48 at para 19.

It did not disclose a reasonable cause of action as between Ms Loke and Mr
Edwards. Secondly, the court held that Mr Edwards’ claim in negligence was not
substantiated with material facts. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 49 at para 21.

In any event, the usual compensation for a party’s poor conduct in a suit
would be an award of costs. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AA1, Tab 2, at p 49 at para 20.

Accordingly, the claim was struck out for not disclosing a reasonable cause of
action. Thirdly, the court held that Mr Edwards’ claim for a purported breach
of contract was barred for being res judicata in the extended sense. This was
because it ought to have been raised in earlier proceedings (such as SUM
3103), given its obvious relevance to the prior proceedings for a writ of
distress or repossession of the Property. Accordingly, it was struck out for
being an abuse of process of the court.

(3) OC 311

50 OC 311 was an action by Mr Edwards against Ms Loke. Mr Edwards alleged that
Ms Loke had committed a tort against him by knowingly and wilfully by giving
false statements under oath and without full and frank disclosure. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 70E. AA1, Tab 17, at pp 771–773.

This was yet another reference to the Fraud Argument. OC 311 was struck out in
SUM 2992 for not disclosing a reasonable cause of action. Notably, the court
held that it was “unable to discern the existence of a tort or any other cause
of action in the [statement of claim]”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AA1, Tab 3, at p 71A.

This was because the closest possible tort, the tort of deceit, required Mr
Edwards to have acted on the misrepresentation. In my view, the fact that OC
311 had been struck out for not disclosing a reasonable cause of action was
sufficient for me to conclude that it was totally without merit.

51 I pause to note that Mr Edwards had previously raised the issue of Ms
Loke’s purported misrepresentations in SUM 3103. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AA2, Tab 2, at pp 61 and 63–64.

The issue was already adjudicated upon in SUM 3103, where it was dismissed. Mr
Edwards never appealed against the dismissal of SUM 3103. Accordingly, a court
of competent jurisdiction had already determined that issue, and issue
estoppel would apply to bar Mr Edwards from re-litigating the same issue in
subsequent proceedings: The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN
Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte
Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT
International”) (at [100]). Thus, Mr Edwards’ claim would also have been
barred by issue estoppel.

(4) RA 82

52 RA 82 was Mr Edwards’ appeal against the decision to strike out OC 311 in
SUM 2992. The main points raised by Mr Edwards on appeal were the following:
(a) that Ms Loke had lied in her supporting affidavit for OSS 94; (b) that he
could not have brought the issue up under OSS 94 since it was heard ex parte;
and (c) that the Fraud Argument was not resolved in any of the other hearings.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AA2, Tab 14, at pp 227–228.

In dismissing the appeal, the court noted that there was nothing pleaded in OC
311 which gave rise to any kind of tort. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AA2, Tab 14, at p 229 at para 20.

Further, it was previously held in DC 146 that the purported misrepresentation
could not amount to a cause of action. It would be an abuse of process for Mr
Edwards to raise essentially the same point in a fresh action. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AA2, Tab 14, at p 230 at para 21(b).

The court also opined that if there was a falsity in Ms Loke’s affidavit for
OSS 94, that it should have been addressed under OSS 94. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

AA2, Tab 14, at p 229 at para 21.

Indeed, the court noted that Mr Edwards had raised the issue in SUM 3103,
which was an application to set aside OSS 94. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AA2, Tab 14, at p 229 at para 21.

SUM 3103 was subsequently dismissed, and no appeal was lodged.

53 I was of the view that RA 82 was totally without merit. Mr Edwards’ first
argument that Ms Loke had lied in her affidavit for OSS 94 was a mere rehash
of his argument in SUM 3103, which had already been adjudicated upon. As noted
earlier (at [51]), this would be barred by res judicata in the sense of issue
estoppel. Secondly, although OSS 94 was initially determined ex parte, Mr
Edwards filed SUM 3103 to set it aside, and the application was dismissed.
Lastly, Mr Edwards’ contention that the Fraud Argument was never resolved in
other hearings is plainly false. Mr Edwards raised the Fraud Argument in SUM
3103. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

AA2, Tab 2, at pp 61 and 63–64.

This was rejected when SUM 3103 was dismissed. Three arguments raised in RA 82
were particularly unmeritorious: (a) that Deputy Registrar Jonathan Ng (“DR
Ng”), in the court below, did not rely on the doctrine of res judicata in
coming to his decision; (b) that DR Ng had erred in stating that Ms Loke had
not benefitted even if she had lied in her affidavit; and (c) that the mere
“opinions” of deputy registrars should not prevent OC 311 from going to trial.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AA2, Tab 14, at pp 227–228.

District Judge Jill Tan (“DJ Tan”) dismissed (a) and (b) after a perusal of
the oral grounds of decision of DR Ng; and as DJ Tan noted, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

AA2, Tab 14, at p 231.

the decisions of the deputy registrars mentioned by Mr Edwards were not mere
opinions but reasoned and binding judicial decisions.

SUM 3869, SUM 3720, SUM 3868, SUM 151, SUM 495, and SUM 849

54 I now turn to SUM 3869, SUM 3720, SUM 3868, SUM 151, SUM 495, and SUM 849.
These applications were mostly procedural in nature.

(1) SUM 3869

55 SUM 3869 was Mr Edwards’ application to set aside OSS 94 “until 30 November
2021”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AA2, Tab 5, at p 83.

At the hearing of SUM 3869, Mr Edwards’ argument was that OSS 94 should be set
aside because it was granted ex parte. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AA2, Tab 7, at p 92C.

In dismissing the application, the court noted that this was essentially the
same argument that Mr Edwards had raised in SUM 3103 to set aside OSS 94. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AA2, Tab 7, at p 93.

SUM 3869 was framed as a setting aside of OSS 94, in a similar vein to SUM
3013, albeit limited to a specific date, 30 November 2021. Accordingly, SUM
3869 was totally without merit as issue estoppel applied and it was thus an
abuse of process. Mr Edwards’ argument had already been adjudicated upon in
SUM 3103, where it was dismissed. He never appealed against the dismissal of
SUM 3103.

56 Mr Edwards also contended in his supporting affidavit that OSS 94 had to be
set aside because he needed more time to serve interrogatories, obtain
particulars, and conduct discovery for DC 1662. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

AA2, Tab 5, at p 85 at para 6.

Another way to frame his summons would be to consider that Mr Edwards sought a
stay of enforcement of OSS 94 and the writ of distress until 30 November 2021.
In my view, the supporting affidavit disclosed no legal basis for seeking such
a stay of enforcement. Execution of the writ of distress would not have, in
any way, prejudiced Mr Edwards’ ability to serve interrogatories and take
other steps in DC 1662. A successful litigant is not deprived of the fruits of
his litigation without good reason: Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian
Realty Pte Ltd [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053 (“Lian Soon”) (at [14]). Accordingly, I
was of the view that SUM 3869 was totally without merit.

(2) SUM 3720

57 SUM 3720 was Mr Edwards’ application to stay OSS 94 until DC 1662 had been
heard. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 147.

However, the originating summons did not disclose any grounds for seeking the
stay: the relevant portion of the summons had been left blank by Mr Edwards.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 147.

Further, although Mr Edwards had filed two affidavits in support of his
application, they did not assist him either. In the first affidavit dated 23
August 2021, Mr Edwards contended that he required a stay of proceedings in DC
1662 because SUM 3103 was still pending. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 157.

This was problematic for several reasons. Firstly, SUM 3103 had already been
dismissed on 31 August 2021, before Mr Edwards filed SUM 3720 on 9 September
2021. Secondly, Mr Edwards’ affidavit, which sought a stay of proceedings in
DC 1662, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 157 at para 5.

was inconsistent with his originating application, which sought a stay of OSS
94 until DC 1662 had been heard. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 147.

Accordingly, I was of the view that Mr Edwards’ originating summons and first
affidavit disclosed no possible legal basis that could justify the stay of
proceedings.

58 Mr Edwards’ second affidavit, dated 2 August 2021, fared no better. The
second affidavit appeared to be a duplicate of the affidavit that Mr Edwards
had previously filed in SUM 3103. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 149. See also AA1, Tab 7, at p 98.

Accordingly, it raised the same arguments that had already been adjudicated
upon in SUM 3103, from which Mr Edwards had not appealed. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AA1, Tab 8, at p 149.

The arguments raised in Mr Edwards’ second affidavit were thus barred by issue
estoppel.

59 For these reasons, I found SUM 3720 to be totally without merit.

(3) SUM 3868

60 SUM 3868 was Mr Edwards’ application to set aside DC 1662 until 30 November
2021. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AA1, Tab 10, at p 223.

In dismissing the application, the court noted that the judgment for DC 1662
had yet to be obtained, and thus there was nothing for the court to set aside.
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AA2, Tab 7, at p 93.

This application was therefore totally without merit: the very subject matter
of the application had yet to exist at the time it was heard.

(4) SUM 151

61 SUM 151 was Mr Edwards’ application for a stay of execution of the summary
judgment obtained in SUM 3736, pending the appeal in RA 1. Mr Edwards’ sole
ground for the application was that he was entitled to a stay of enforcement
because he had appealed against the summary judgment. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

AA1, Tab 11, at p 237.

An appeal does not ordinarily operate as a stay of execution unless there are
special circumstances: Lian Soon (at [13]). Given that Mr Edwards did not
allege that there were any special circumstances, I saw no legal basis on
which his stay application could have succeeded. Accordingly, I was of the
view that SUM 151 was totally without merit.

(5) SUM 495

62 SUM 495 was Mr Edwards’ application for a stay of execution of the summary
judgment obtained in SUM 3736, pending an appeal to the General Division of
the High Court in RAS 5. Mr Edwards gave the following reasons for seeking the
stay: (a) he did not have sufficient funds to satisfy the judgment and would
subsequently come into more funds; (b) separate proceedings were commenced in
DC/DC 146/2020, which might justify “holding matters” until DC 146 was
resolved; (c) there was a pending appeal against the summary judgment; and (d)
he had written to Ms Loke to “hold matters” until 15 May 2022. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

AA1, Tab 12, at p 253.

63 I was of the view that Mr Edwards’ arguments in SUM 495 disclosed no legal
basis for a stay of enforcement. First, as the learned deputy registrar noted,
Mr Edwards’ allegations of impecuniosity were unsubstantiated and irrelevant
to the issue of whether he could deliver possession of the Property. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AA1, Tab 12, at pp 254C–255E.

Secondly, DC 146 was a separate matter and there was no reason that its result
should influence the execution of the order in DC 1662. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

AA1, Tab 12, at p 256A.

There was no basis to suggest “holding matters” until DC 146 was resolved. The
court does not generally deprive a successful litigant of the fruits of his
litigation (Lian Soon at [14]). Thirdly, his reliance on the filing of RAS 5
was unfounded: the mere fact of an appeal does not operate as a stay of
execution, special circumstances are required (Lian Soon at [13]).

(6) SUM 849

64 SUM 849 was Mr Edwards’ application for an interim injunction to restrain
Ms Loke from continuing proceedings in DC 1662 or sub-cases thereunder until
DC 146 was determined. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AA1, Tab 15, at p 315.

This was, in essence, an attempt to obtain a stay of enforcement of the
summary judgment obtained under SUM 3736. Mr Edwards argued that the
injunction was justified for the following reasons: (a) Ms Loke had not
provided full and frank disclosure in her affidavit for OSS 94 and DC 1662;
and (b) he had an ongoing claim against Ms Loke to purchase the Property. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

AA1, Tab 15, at p 314.

65 In my view, Mr Edwards’ first argument was untenable. He had raised the
full and frank disclosure argument in SUM 3103, where it was dismissed. He did
not appeal against the decision in SUM 3103. Accordingly, he was barred from
raising the same issue again in SUM 849 since the issue was res judicata:
issue estoppel applied. Mr Edwards’ second argument was equally unmeritorious.
The crux of his argument was that the summary judgment should not be enforced
since he had a concurrent suit against Ms Loke to purchase the Property from
her. However, there was no reason why Mr Edwards could not subsequently
purchase the Property after giving up possession of it. Accordingly, I was of
the view that SUM 849 was totally without merit.

SUM 3103 and RAS 5

66 Finally, there were two applications where I rejected Ms Loke’s
characterisation that the applications were wholly without merit. The first,
SUM 3103, was Mr Edwards’ application to set aside OSS 94 and the writ of
distress. It was dismissed, but the dismissal could not, of itself, be
sufficient, as I have pointed out (at [42]). There was no evidence that the
application was bound to fail from the outset.

67 The second application, RAS 5, was an appeal by Mr Edwards against the
decision in RA 1. The appeal was withdrawn by Mr Edwards’ counsel on the day
of the hearing. Ms Loke’s argument was that the mere fact of withdrawal was
sufficient to show that RAS 5 was totally without merit. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

AWS2, at para 45.

As with dismissal, the fact of withdrawal, without more, could not be
sufficient. As there was no indication as to what Mr Edwards wished to raise
on appeal, it would be speculative to conclude that it was totally without
merit.

Persistent relitigation devoid of merit

68 It was clear from the ten applications, nevertheless, that the respondent
had persistently commenced actions or applications that were totally without
merit. In the span of slightly more than two years, Mr Edwards had repeatedly
sought to relitigate the issue of Ms Loke’s purported misrepresentation in OSS
94 by commencing various actions and applications against her. More
concerningly, Mr Edwards showed no signs of stopping. Mr Edwards canvassed the
issue of Ms Loke’s purported misrepresentation in the present proceedings. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

RWS2, at paras 1.1–1.9 and 1.4.

The same allegations resurfaced again in OC 1751, which was an action filed by
Mr Edwards while the current ECRO application was still pending. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

RA, at para 3.19.

OC 1751 was yet another claim against Ms Loke for her purported
misrepresentation in OSS 94. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

AA2, Tab 15, at pp 235–237.

It was equally unmeritorious. The issue of Ms Loke’s purported
misrepresentations were raised and dismissed in SUM 3103; issue estoppel
applied.

69 The crux of the matter is that Mr Edwards had the opportunity to raise the
purported misrepresentation in SUM 3103, which was his application to set
aside the writ of distress, and he did raise the issue in SUM 3103. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

AA2, Tab 2, at pp 61E and 63.

His argument was rejected when DJ Kow dismissed SUM 3103. It is not open to Mr
Edwards to subsequently insist on re-litigating the issue in multiple other
proceedings. The public interest requires finality in litigation: TT
International ([51] supra) (at [98]).

70 I deal briefly with other arguments raised by Mr Edwards. First, he argued
that the ECRO should not be granted because he filed fewer applications than
Ms Loke. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

RA, at para 4.5.

I disagreed. It was unnecessary to consider Ms Loke’s prior actions and
applications because the current proceedings concerned an application for an
ECRO against Mr Edwards for his unmeritorious claims. In any event, I did not
think that Ms Loke’s applications were unmeritorious and repetitious. In so
far as Mr Edwards relied on OSS 94 and DC 1662, I note that Ms Loke was
successful in both proceedings. Ms Loke’s committal proceeding and bankruptcy
application against Mr Edwards were to recover possession of the Property and
rent arrears that Ms Loke was entitled to under the summary judgment in SUM
3736. Even if there were errors in the committal proceeding that had to be
rectified (as Mr Edwards suggests), Ms Loke had not persistently re-litigated
the matter.

71 Mr Edwards’ second argument was that not all his actions or applications
were totally without merit. He highlighted that his application for a stay of
execution in SUM 1718 was granted. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

RA, at para 4.4.

This did not detract from the fact that I found ten of his actions and
applications to be totally without merit. Even if some of his applications
were not totally without merit, I was satisfied that an ECRO could be granted
on the basis of the ten unmeritorious actions and applications. The matter had
been, on the whole, litigated fully and repeatedly. There was no reason to
expend limited public resources on the matter any longer.

72 Third, Mr Edwards argued that the issue of Ms Loke’s purported fraudulent
misrepresentation in OSS 94 had not been adjudicated upon by any court. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

RWS1, at paras 4.3–4.4 and 5.6.

I was unable to agree. As noted earlier, this very issue had been raised by Mr
Edwards in SUM 3103. It was rejected by the court when SUM 3103 was dismissed
(see [69] above).

73 The fourth argument raised by Mr Edwards was that OC 311 and DC 146 were
struck out for trivial reasons. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

RWS2, at para 4. RWS1, at para 3.11.

I rejected this. DC 146 was not struck out for being a “misfiling”, as Mr
Edwards contended, but instead for being res judicata, and failing to disclose
a reasonable action for either misrepresentation or a claim in negligence. For
OC 311, Mr Edwards’ argument that OC 311 had “only” been struck out for not
disclosing a reasonable cause of action did not assist him. A claim will only
be struck out for not disclosing a reasonable cause of action if it does not
disclose any question fit to be decided at trial; the mere fact that the case
is weak is no ground for striking it out: Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a
firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 (at [21]). Accordingly,
the fact that OC 311 was struck out reflected that it was totally without
merit.

74 During the second oral hearing before me, Mr Edwards argued that there was
a purported agreement between him and Ms Loke for the deferred payment of
outstanding rent on the basis of texts not yet exhibited in his affidavit.
This was despite the fact that at the first hearing he was granted the
opportunity to file an affidavit for the very purpose of adducing evidence as
to any relevant factual matter. In any event, the same argument for an
agreement to defer the payment of outstanding rent was raised by Mr Edwards in
SUM 3103 and dismissed. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

AA2, Tab 2, at p 63B.

Conclusion

75 Both elements in the ECRO inquiry were established on the facts before me.
I was of the view that an ECRO in line with Form 100 should be granted for the
maximum duration of two years. Accordingly, on 11 January 2024, I ordered as
follows:

(1) the Respondent be restrained from commencing any action or making any
application in any Court concerning any matter involving, relating to, or
touching upon his previous tenancy of 5A Ontario Avenue #03-02 The Windsor,
Singapore 576194, or leading to any of the following proceedings, namely, (i)
OSS 94/2021, (ii) WD 8/2021, (iii) DC 1662/2021, (iv) DC 146/2022, (v) OC
311/2022, (vi) OC 1751/2023, or (vii) any enforcement proceedings, including
bankruptcy proceedings, already commenced or to be commenced by the Applicant
in respect of the summary judgment obtained by the Applicant against the
Respondent in DC 1662/2021, without the permission of the Court;

(2) the Respondent may apply to amend, vary or discharge this order, only if
the Respondent has the permission of the Court to make the application;

(3) the order made herein is to remain in effect for two years from the date
of the order herein; and

(4) the Respondent is to pay the Applicant costs fixed at $16,000 which
includes disbursements for this application.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court| |   
---|---|---  
  
Khan Nazim and Chua Ze Xuan (PDLegal LLC) for the applicant;

The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Feb 2024 (12:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

