Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 15

Suit No 1041 of 2020

Between

| Golden Pacific Shipping & Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Arc Marine Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Bailment — Negligence]

[Damages — Mitigation — Tort]

[Tort — Negligence — Duty of care]

[Tort — Negligence — Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Golden Pacific Shipping & Holdings Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Arc Marine Engineering Pte Ltd

[2024] SGHC 15

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1041 of 2020  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
11–14, 26–28 April, 28 July 2023

19 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 In the present suit, the plaintiff is a ship owner that chartered its vessel
to a bareboat charterer. During the charter period, the main engine of the
vessel suffered damage. The manager of the vessel contracted with the
defendant repairer to repair the main engine. Upon redelivery of the vessel to
the plaintiff, the plaintiff was of the view that the repair works were
deficient. As there is no contractual relationship between the plaintiff and
defendant, the plaintiff brought this action in tort and bailment against the
defendant.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of
shipowning and chartering. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Lee Sai Kit dated 20 January 2023
(“Lee’s AEIC”) at para 4.

It is undisputed that the plaintiff was the registered owner of the motor
tanker vessel, the “Bravely Loyalty”, at all material times (the “Vessel”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim dated 16 December 2020 (“SOC”) at para 1; Defendant’s
closing submissions dated 23 June 2023 (“DCS”) at para 1; Plaintiff’s closing
submissions dated 23 June 2023 (“PCS”) at para 70; Transcript (13 April) at p
43, ln 20 to p 44, ln 5.

The Vessel is registered in Singapore, classed with Bureau Veritas (“BV”) and
carries IMO No 9582726. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AEIC of Thomas Douglas Wilson dated 21 February 2023 (“Wilson’s 1st AEIC”) at
p 8 para 2.2.

The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and in the business of,
inter alia, marine offshore engineering repairs and ship engine repairs. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 1 November 2021 (“Defence”) at para 5.

Background to the dispute

3 On 9 June 2017, the plaintiff chartered the Vessel to Bravely International
Pte Ltd (“Bravely”) under a bareboat charter (the “GP-BI Charterparty”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 7; Agreed Chronology dated 4 April 2023 (“AC”) at p 1.

The terms of the GP-BI Charterparty comprise of a modified version of the
BIMCO Standard Bareboat Charter “BARECON 2001” as well as various rider
clauses (the “Charterparty Contract”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AIEC of Anujit Prasad dated 20 January 2023 (“Anujit’s AEIC”) at pp 62–77.

The GP-BI Charterparty was for a term of 24 months plus an additional six
months at Bravely’s election. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DCS at para 1.

The Vessel was delivered into Bravely’s service on or about 19 September 2017.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 7.

MSI Ship Management Service Pte Ltd (“MSI”) contracted with Bravely to act as
the ship managers of the Vessel.

4 On 15 April 2019, when the Vessel was en route from Tabangao, Philippines to
Singapore, she suffered damage to her main engine (the “Main Engine”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 8; AC at p 1.

For context, the Main Engine utilises a nine-cylinder SXD MAN B&W 9L 32/40
4-stroke medium speed trunk diesel engine which was built under licence from
MAN by Shaanxi Diesel Heavy Industry Co Ltd. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at para 2.3.

MSI approached the defendant to quote for repair works, and on 22 April 2019,
MSI confirmed the appointment of the defendant for the scope of repair works
quoted. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 10; AC at p 2; DCS at para 3.

5 On 23 April 2019 the Vessel arrived at the Singapore Anchorage for the
repairs to be executed. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 9; AC at p 1.

That same day, two of the defendant’s service engineers boarded the Vessel to
carry out an inspection of the Main Engine. The inspections were completed on
25 April 2019. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AC at p 2.

Thereafter, from 26 April 2019, the defendant commenced repairs on the Vessel
and its Main Engine. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AC at p 2.

On 13 July 2019, the Vessel was shifted to the Offshore Marine Centre Repair
Berth of ST Marine Tuas Shipyard, where the repairs continued. Chief of the
repair works was the replacement of the existing crankshaft with a new
crankshaft (the “Replacement Crankshaft”). This replacement process is also
known as “crankshaft renewal” and was executed by the defendants between 10
and 12 July 2019. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AC at p 2; Anujit’s AEIC at para 47.

The Replacement Crankshaft had been procured by MSI and was then installed by
the defendant. Another significant aspect of the repair works was the fitting
of the torsional vibration damper (the “TVD”) to the Replacement Crankshaft on
16 July 2019. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Anujit’s AEIC at para 49.

Based on the various service reports provided by the defendant, the other
items of repair carried out by the defendant were as follows: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Anujit’s AEIC at AP-14; Agreed Bundle Volume 1 (“1AB”) 127–139; Lee’s AEIC at
para 14.

(a) The cylinder heads of the Main Engine (a total of nine units) were removed
from the Vessel for repairs and subsequently reinstalled.

(b) The pistons and connecting rods (a total of nine units) were removed from
the Vessel for repairs and subsequently reinstalled.

(c) All the liners from the engine block were removed from the Vessel for
repairs and subsequently reinstalled.

(d) The liner top landing rings (a total of nine units) were removed and
repaired.

(e) The air starting valves (a total of nine units) were dismantled, cleaned,
inspected, and some units were renewed.

(f) The safety valves (a total of nine units) were removed and sent for
standard overhauling, and subsequently reassembled to their respective
cylinder heads.

(g) The indicator cocks (a total of nine units) were dismantled, cleaned,
inspected and subsequently renewed.

(h) The fuel injectors (a total of nine units) were sent to the defendant’s
workshop for overhauling, and some units were renewed.

(i) The fuel pumps (a total of nine units) were removed, cleaned and
reinstalled with new gasket and O-rings.

(j) The air-cooler and lube-oil cooler were dismantled from the Main Engine
and sent to the defendant’s workshop for standard overhauling before being
reinstalled.

6 Between 9 and 17 August 2019, the Vessel underwent various sea trials to
test its seaworthiness. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AC at p 2.

It is undisputed that a sea trial was conducted on both 10 August 2019 and on
16 August 2019 (respectively, the “Second Sea Trial” and “Third Sea Trial”).
However, while the plaintiff considers the attempted sea trial on 9 August
2019 to be a sea trial, the defendant merely considered it as “testing”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS at para 33.

For ease of reference, this will simply be described as the “First Sea Trial”.
I shall describe the First Sea Trial, Second Sea Trial and Third Sea Trial as
the “Sea Trials” collectively. During the First Sea Trial, the exhaust
temperature of the Main Engine cylinder #6 was very high, and subsequently,
the turbocharger insulation of the Main Engine caught fire. The Main Engine
was stopped to put out the fire and the ship subsequently returned to the
Offshore Marine Centre for inspection and repair. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Anujit’s AEIC at para 74; Lee’s AEIC at paras 18–19.

At the Second Sea Trial, among other things, the Main Engine was run on idle
and subsequently tested on increasing loads, up to full speed. When the Main
Engine load hit 80% of the capacity, it had to temporarily stop as the
turbocharger insulation caught fire. However, the test run continued
thereafter, and eventually, the load was increased to 100% again. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Anujit’s AEIC at paras 80–90; Lee’s AEIC at paras 21–23.

During the Third Sea Trial, the Main Engine was once again run at various
loads, including at a load of 100% for an hour. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Anujit’s AEIC at pp 720–728.

7 By 20 August 2019, the defendant and its subcontractors had completed the
repair works, and on the following day, MSI acknowledged that all relevant
repairs had been completed. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Anujit’s AEIC at paras 100–101.

On 31 August 2019, Bravely redelivered the Vessel to the plaintiff. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 47; AC at p 2.

At the time of redelivery, the plaintiff found the Vessel to be in an
allegedly unsatisfactory state. Therefore, the plaintiff arranged for Metalock
Engineering (Qingdao) Ltd (“Metalock”), to inspect the Main Engine crankpin
bearings. These inspections were conducted from 12 to 16 September 2019, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AC at p 2.

following which Metalock produced a service report dated 17 September 2019
(the “Metalock Report”). In particular, the Metalock Report stated that they
“found scratches on most main journals which is abnormal phenomena, especially
for new crankshaft”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 48 and p 144.

The Vessel continued to remain in Singapore to undergo repairs to its
generators. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 51; AC at p 3.

8 On 26 September 2019, the plaintiff entered into a bareboat charter of the
Vessel with Joint Merchants Corporation Limited (“JMC”), which is a subsidiary
and/or related company of Eversea Shipping. The Vessel was delivered to JMC on
30 September 2019. The plaintiff authorised JMC to arrange for the “necessary
rectification works” of the Vessel at Yuanye Shipyard in China, to be carried
out by Dalian Shunzhou Ship Maintenance Co Ltd (“Dalian Shunzhou”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 90–91; AC at p 3.

According to the plaintiff, it was agreed that all of the costs and expenses
of the rectification works would be borne by JMC in the first instance, and
thereafter set-off against the charter hire which JMC was obliged to pay the
plaintiff under the bareboat charterparty. Further, JMC’s obligation to pay
the charter hire would only begin when the rectification works had been
successfully completed and the Vessel left the shipyard and started operating.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 92–93.

9 On 27 November 2019, the Vessel commenced its voyage to Vietnam, and then to
Yuanye Shipyard in China for the rectification works. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 56; AC at p 3.

Crucially, on 9 December 2019, it was discovered that the engine-driven
lubricating oil pump (the “lube oil pump”) had failed. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 142 ln 2–6.

It is not clear when exactly the lube oil pump failed, but according to a
report prepared by Aqualis Braemar, the hull insurer’s appointed surveyor, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 42.

dated 20 January 2020 (“AB’s 20 January Report”), “[t]he pump was reported
damaged on the fourth day after the vessel’s departure”, ie, 1 December 2019.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Agreed Bundle Volume 2 (“2AB”) 1104.

10 The Vessel arrived at Zhoushan on 16 December 2019. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 60; AC at p 3.

Thereafter, on 27 December 2019, the Vessel entered Yuanye Shipyard and
rectification works were carried out by Dalian Shunzhou from 9 March 2020 to 7
April 2020. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 96; AC at p 3.

Between 14 and 15 March 2020, Trade-wind Marine Surveyors & Consultants Ltd
(“Trade-wind”) carried out a condition survey of the Main Engine to find out
the cause of the issues experienced by the Main Engine. This was done at the
request of the plaintiff. The condition survey resulted in a report issued on
15 April 2020 (the “Trade-wind Report”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 69; AC at p 3.

On 24 March 2020, Aqualis Braemar produced a second report on the damage to
the Main Engine, based on a survey conducted on 10 and 15 March 2020. Among
other things, it was reported that the “[TVD] [was] damaged beyond repair” –
approximately 60% of the flat spring packs were fragmented, 30% of the inner
stars were damaged, intermediate pieces on the inner surface were damaged, and
the bearing bushes were separated from the flange/side plates. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

2AB1123–1124.

The TVD was also sent to its maker, Geislinger, for assessment. In its report
dated 17 March 2020 (the “Geislinger Report”), Geislinger similarly concluded
that “[t]he [TVD] [was] not useable any more”, and that “[a]ll parts except
clamping ring need[ed] to be replaced by new parts”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 72, p 194; AC at p 3.

A sea trial of the Main Engine was subsequently completed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 96; AC at p 3.

On 27 April 2020, the Vessel left Yuanye Shipyard, upon JMC’s payment of the
rectification costs to Dalian Shunzhou. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 97.

11 On 29 October 2020, the plaintiff commenced the present suit against the
defendant in negligence for allegedly defective repair work. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Writ of Summons to HC/S 1041/2020 dated 29 October 2020 (“WOS”).

It is undisputed that there is no contract between the plaintiff and
defendant. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCS at para 6.

Expert witnesses

12 The plaintiff relies on the expert evidence of Mr Bindra Jaskirat Singh
(“Mr Singh”). Mr Singh is the sole proprietor of Eco Marine Services, a marine
consultancy services firm. He has undertaken damage and repair inspection of
various main engines, including those manufactured by MAN (ie, the maker of
the Main Engine), and has carried out damage and repair inspections of more
than 200 ships. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AEIC of Bindra Jaskirat Singh dated 22 February 2023 (“Singh’s 1st AEIC”) at
para 1 and p 121.

The defendant called Mr Thomas Douglas Wilson (“Mr Wilson”) as its expert
witness. Mr Wilson is employed as a marine consultant at ABL Energy & Marine
Consultants Pte Ltd, a company which provides technical engineering and
consultancy services to the marine and offshore energy industries. He is a
chartered marine engineer with over 30 years’ experience as a surveyor and
consultant. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at para 1 and 4.

13 On 2 March 2023, Mr Singh and Mr Wilson held an experts’ caucus to discuss
the various technical factual issues that are in dispute. This resulted in a
joint memorandum dated 11 March 2023 setting out areas of agreement and
disagreement for each of the issues (the “Joint Memorandum”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AEIC of Thomas Douglas Wilson dated 20 March 2023 (“Wilson’s 2nd AEIC”) at
para 7 and pp 80–84.

The parties’ cases

14 The plaintiff claims that the defendant owes the plaintiff a duty of care
in negligence to exercise all reasonable skill and care in carrying out the
repair works on the Vessel and Main Engine. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at para 4.

In the alternative, the plaintiff alleges that it bailed the Vessel to
Bravely, and Bravely sub-bailed the Vessel to the defendant. As sub-bailee,
the defendant owes a duty of bailment to the plaintiff to take reasonable care
of the Vessel during the time that the Vessel was in the defendant’s physical
possession. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 40; Reply (Amendment No. 1) dated 29 November 2021 (“Reply”) at
para 8.

In its Statement of Claim, the plaintiff asserted that the repair of the Main
Engine was deficient in various respects, which can be divided into five
factual issues (the “Defective Works”): 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOC at para 6.

(a) Issue 1:

(i) The defendant failed to ensure that the correct orifice plug (with 10mm
diameter bore) was placed into the free-end side of the crankshaft and/or
failed to remove this plug. This resulted in lubricating oil starvation of and
the consequent complete destruction of the TVD.

(ii) The defendant failed to ensure that sufficient lube oil was supplied to
the TVD.

(b) Issue 2: The Main Engine was incapable of operating satisfactorily or
stably (sandpaper was used in the Main Engine control during the Sea Trials).

(c) Issue 3: The majority of the main journals suffered from severe scratches.

(d) Issue 4:

(i) The crankshaft was misaligned.

(ii) The defendant erroneously observed and/or recorded the crankshaft
deflection measures.

(iii) The defendant failed to ensure that the crankshaft deflection was within
allowable limits.

(iv) There had been improper and incomplete installation of the crankshaft
with deflection of -0.16 mm, which exceeded the maximum allowable limits of
+/- 0.14 mm set by the Main Engine maker. This caused excessive wear to the
bearings of the Vessel.

(e) Issue 5: The lube oil filter and sump of the Main Engine were replete with
a substantial number of metal particles.

15 Further, these defects relate to repairs conducted by the defendant under
its scope of works. By reason of the defendant’s deficient repairs, the
plaintiff has suffered loss and damage and has been put to expense, in terms
of: (a) rectification and repair works undertaken by the plaintiffs; (b)
management costs during the Vessel’s downtime between 31 August 2019 and 26
April 2020 (the “Downtime”); (c) crew wages and ship management expenses
during the Downtime of the Vessel; (d) agency fees during the Downtime of the
Vessel; (e) supplies during the Downtime of the Vessel; (f) insurance during
the Downtime of the Vessel; and (g) loss of charter income during the Downtime
of the Vessel. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC at para 8.

This amounts to a total loss of US$3,144,785.21. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ibid.

16 Based on the foregoing, the plaintiff claims: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at pp 5–6; WOS.

(a) the sum of US$3,144,785.21 and/or such sum as the court deems fit;

(b) or, in the alternative, for damages to be assessed;

(c) a declaration that the plaintiff is entitled to be indemnified and to be
kept fully indemnified from and against, and/or a contribution from the
defendant for any and all liabilities (present or contingent), claims,
demands, losses, expenses or damages of whatsoever nature incurred by and/or
to be incurred by the plaintiff and/or asserted against the plaintiff arising
out of or in connection with the repairs, and/or in consequence of claims made
and/or to be made against the plaintiff arising out and/or in connection with
the repairs;

(d) an indemnity against all liabilities (present or contingent), claims,
demands, losses, expenses or damages of whatsoever nature incurred by and/or
to be incurred by the plaintiff and/or asserted against the plaintiff arising
out of or in connection with the Incident, and/or in consequence of claims
made and/or to be made against the plaintiff arising out and/or in connection
with the repairs;

(e) interest pursuant to s 12 of the Civil Law Act;

(f) costs; and

(g) such further or other relief as the court deems just.

17 Conversely, the defendant avers that it does not owe a duty of care to the
plaintiff either in negligence or in bailment. The defendant claims that it is
not responsible for the alleged Defective Works as they pertain to matters
outside its overall scope of works. Further or in the alternative, the alleged
Defective Works were not caused by the defendant. In addition, the defendant
acted reasonably in carrying out its repair works. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence at para 8.

In particular, at the trial, it became clear that the main factual dispute
centres on whether the defendant had left an orifice plug or blank plug inside
the free-end of the Replacement crankshaft. The defendant avers that the
Replacement Crankshaft was equipped with the correct plug, ie, an orifice
plug. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCS at para 45.

In the alternative, even if the incorrect blank plug was fitted, the defendant
avers that it is entitled to rely on third parties, such as MSI, to ensure
that the Replacement Crankshaft was free of defects, as well as the
classification society of the Vessel, BV, which endorsed a “Certificate of
Product Conformity for Crankshaft” (the “Certificate of Conformity”) which
declared that the product was “manufactured, tested and examined in conformity
with the approved documentation”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at paras 47, 307.

18 The defendant submits that even if it is found to be liable, the
plaintiff’s claim for damages must fail because the plaintiff did not suffer
any loss as a result of the defendant’s breach of duty. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at para 321.

However, if this argument is not accepted, the defendant also claims that the
plaintiff failed to take reasonable steps to mitigate its own losses. In
particular, the plaintiff did not take prompt steps to repair the Main Engine
when the Vessel was redelivered to it. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 368.

Further, it was unreasonable to sail the Vessel to China for repairs. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at para 371.

The defendant also refers to the defendant’s Standard Sales Order Terms &
Conditions, which, according to Mr Anujit Prasad (“Mr Anujit”), the general
manager of the defendant, constitutes the repair contract between the
defendant and MSI (the “AME-MSI Repair Contract”). The defendant submits that
it is entitled to rely on provisions in the of the which exclude and/or limits
its liabilities. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at para 390.

Issues to be determined

19 The following issues arise for my determination.

(a) Firstly, whether the defendant owes a duty of care in tort to the
plaintiff.

(b) Secondly, whether the defendant owes a duty of care in bailment to the
plaintiff.

(c) Thirdly, whether the defendant has breached its duty by effecting any of
the Defective Works, and if so, whether the breach(es) caused damage to the
plaintiff.

(d) Fourthly, whether the plaintiff had mitigated its losses by conducting the
rectification works economically and expediently.

(e) Fifthly, if the defendant is liable to the plaintiff in negligence, the
extent of damages that the plaintiff is entitled to.

Duty of care in negligence

Relevant legal principles

20 The legal requirements for establishing an action in the tort of negligence
are trite. First, the defendant must owe a duty of care to the plaintiff.
Second, the defendant must have breached this duty of care. Third, the
defendant’s breach must have caused the damage suffered by the plaintiff; and
in addition, the resulting damage should not be too remote (The Law of Torts
in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2016) (“The Law of Torts in Singapore”) at
para 03.006).

21 The test for the imposition of a duty of care in negligence is set out in
the seminal case of Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”). It is a two-stage test
comprising of, first, proximity and, second, policy considerations, which are
together preceded by the preliminary requirement of factual foreseeability
(Spandeck at [73]). Factual foreseeability refers to reasonable foreseeability
and “will almost always be satisfied, simply because of its very nature and
the very wide nature of the ‘net’ it necessarily casts” (Spandeck at [75]
citing Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 1 SLR(R)
853 at [55]). The first stage requires sufficient legal proximity, which is
determined by the closeness of the parties’ relationship, including physical,
circumstantial and causal proximity, supported by the twin criteria of the
defendant’s voluntary assumption of responsibility and the plaintiff’s actual
reliance upon the defendant (Spandeck at [77]–[81]). Where there is factual
foreseeability and legal proximity, a prima facie duty of care arises. The
second stage entails weighing policy considerations to determine whether the
prima facie duty should be negated or limited (Spandeck at [83]).

22 Crucially, the Court of Appeal in Spandeck stressed that the test was to be
applied incrementally, “in the sense that when applying the test in each
stage, it would be desirable to refer to decided cases in analogous situations
to see how the courts have reached their conclusions in terms of proximity
and/or policy” (Spandeck at [73]). Analogous precedents, which determine the
current limits of liability, make it easier for the later court to determine
whether to extend its limits. However, in a novel situation, the court may
extend liability where it is just and fair to do so, taking into account the
relevant policy consideration against indeterminate liability against a
tortfeasor (Spandeck at [73]).

The decision

23 The first issue for my determination is whether the defendant owes the
plaintiff a duty of care in tort in its repair of the Vessel. The plaintiff
argues that there is a duty of care and that the present case is “on all
fours” with the decision in Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another [2005] 4 SLR(R) 417 (“Jet Holding (HC)”),
which was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Jet Holding Ltd and others v
Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2006] 3
SLR(R) 769 (“Jet Holding (CA)”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at para 2.

Conversely, the defendant submits that the present case is analogous to Man
B&W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and another v PT Bumi International Tankers and
another appeal [2004] 2 SLR(R) 300 (“PT Bumi (CA)”), where the Court of Appeal
declined to find a duty of care in negligence. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DRS at para 150.

24 I set out the salient facts of PT Bumi (CA) and Jet Holding (HC).

25 In PT Bumi (CA), the respondent (“Bumi”) contracted with an engineering
company (“MSE”) to build an oil tanker. It was clearly contemplated in the
main contract that MSE would source the engine of the vessel from a third
party. MSE obtained the engine from the first appellant (“MBS”), a Singapore
company which sold and serviced engines manufactured by its UK parent company,
the second appellant. There was no direct contractual relationship between
Bumi and MBS (PT Bumi (CA) at [2]). Within a few weeks of the delivery of the
vessel, the engine gave trouble. After approximately three years of the
delivery of the vessel, the engine broke down completely (PT Bumi (CA) at
[3]). Bumi commenced an action in tort against the appellants on the ground
that they had breached a duty of care which they owed to Bumi. Bumi claimed
for its losses, including the cost of the engine and the loss of rental income
which it would have earned from the charter (PT Bumi (CA) at [4]). The Court
of Appeal reversed the finding of the judge below that MBS owed Bumi a duty of
care. The Court of Appeal recognised that MBS knew that the engine supplied
under the subcontract would be fitted onto the vessel which was being built by
MSE for Bumi. The specifications for the engine were known to MBS, and MBS
knew that Bumi required the vessel for its business. MBS would also have
realised that any defect in the engine would render the vessel inoperable.
Therefore, prima facie, such circumstances could give rise to a duty of care
(PT Bumi (CA) at [35]). However, the Court of Appeal declined to impose a duty
of care against parties’ express contractual arrangements. Bumi had made a
deliberate choice not to have a direct contractual relationship with MBS (PT
Bumi (CA) at [38]). Under the main contract, Bumi made MSE solely responsible
for any defect that could arise in respect of the vessel, including the
engine. For instance, cl 17.1 stated that “[MSE] shall be fully responsible
for any part of work performed or to be performed by his sub-contractors and
for the acts and omissions of his sub-contractors …” and cl 22 provided that
“[MSE] shall … [maintain] complete control over its employees and all of its
sub-contractors”. In addition, the main contract contained a limited warranty
and several limitation clauses (PT Bumi (CA) at [36]–[37]). By entering into
the main contract with MSE on these terms, Bumi had “committed itself to
looking to MSE for redress”. Therefore, Bumi had relied on MSE alone. To then
infer a duty of care on MBS would run counter to the specific arrangement that
Bumi had chosen to make with MSE (PT Bumi (CA) at [48]).

26 In Jet Holding (HC), the first plaintiff (“JHL”) became the owner of a
drill ship, the Energy Searcher, in July 1999. Prior to that, the second
plaintiff (“JSL”) was the registered owner. Upon JHL becoming the owner, JHL
chartered the Energy Searcher to JSL under a bareboat charter. The third
plaintiff (“JDL”) was at all material times the manager of the Energy Searcher
(Jet Holding (HC) at [2]). The first defendant (“Cameron”) was looked upon as
the original equipment manufacturer. The second defendant (“Stork”) was a
Cameron-approved contractor (Jet Holding (HC) at [3]). Earlier on, in 1997, an
inspection revealed that two slip joints on the Energy Searcher were unfit for
use. They were then sent to Cameron’s approved contractor (“VDH”) to be
dissembled and refurbished. Cameron subcontracted the refurbishment of a spare
slip joint to Stork, which was fabricated from “discarded” components from the
original two slip joints. Thereafter, the spare slip joint was returned to the
Energy Searcher in November 1998 (Jet Holding (HC) at [9]). Subsequently, in
November 2000, the Energy Searcher was time chartered to an oil exploration
company (Jet Holding (HC) at [4]). In March 2001, a decision was made to
replace the primary slip joint with the spare slip joint. In the course of
installation, the spare slip joint fractured and broke into two, which
resulted in the loss of other drilling equipment. It was later discovered that
the wall thickness of riser box of the spare slip joint (which connects the
upper end of the slip joint to the ship) had been inadequate (Jet Holding (HC)
at [6] and [12]). Among other things, the plaintiffs sued the defendants in
negligence. The High Court held that Cameron owed a duty of care to the owner,
JHL (Jet Holding (HC) at [60]), and stated the following:

Even though JSL is the contracting party, a separate duty of care in tort
could arise. If a separate duty does arise, the question is not whether
Cameron failed to carry out its duty under the contract but whether it was in
breach of its common law duty of care towards JSL or a third party like JHL.
Whilst the contract might be material to the incidence of liability as between
those who are in a contractual relationship with each other, it does not
always have the effect of negativing a duty of care owed by the defendants to
JSL or JHL. A duty of care exists where the threefold test in Caparo
Industries Plc v Dickman [1990] 2 AC 605 is satisfied. The existence of a duty
of care at common law depends on foreseeability that a failure to take
reasonable care may cause harm of a particular kind to another person, a
sufficient degree of proximity between the wrong doer and that other person,
and a recognition that it would be fair, just and reasonable in all the
circumstances to impose a duty of care on the wrongdoer.

[emphasis added]

In particular, the High Court held that the existence of the contract between
JSL and Cameron did not have the effect of negativing a duty of care owed by
Cameron to JHL, the owner.

27 The High Court also held that Stork owed the defendants a duty of care (Jet
Holding (HC) at [129]). I reproduce the relevant part of the judgment:

Whether a duty of care was owed to JSL is a question of law. Whether Stork was
negligent and thereby breached such a duty of care as it owed is a question of
fact. I have no doubt that Stork owed JSL and JHL a duty of care in tort. The
parties were in a relationship of close proximity. At the material time, JDL
occupied shared premises with Stork and were aware that the latter were
Cameron’s authorised contractor. It is not disputed that it was JDL who had
wanted Stork to undertake the refurbishment of the standby slip joint. At that
time both jobs – the primary slip joint and standby slip joint – was handled
by VDH. JSL initiated and consented to the switch and the appointment of Stork
and consequently the components left over from the primary slip joint were
sent from VDH to Stork. Chao Hick Tin JA in Bumi International said in [48]
that the concept of proximity must always involve, at least in most cases,
some degree of reliance. JSL were clearly relying on Stork to exercise
appropriate skill and care in and about refurbishing a working slip joint out
of the leftover components. Stork assumed responsibility to JSL by accepting
the leftover components for the purpose of inspection and refurbishment albeit
the contract was with Cameron. The harm was in my view foreseeable. It is in
all the circumstances fair, just and reasonable to impose a duty of care upon
them in respect of work designed to fashion out of the leftover components a
standby slip joint.

28 On appeal, the Court of Appeal in Jet Holding (CA) affirmed the High
Court’s finding of duty of care. The Court of Appeal stated that it was
“clear, on the facts, that Cameron owed a duty of care to the plaintiffs and
had breached it. The Judge’s analysis and reasoning in this regard was
thorough and persuasive and we have nothing useful to add” (Jet Holding (CA)
at [129] and [131]).

29 Before I proceed with my analysis, I make a preliminary observation. As
parties sought to argue whether the present case is more akin to Jet Holding
(HC) or PT Bumi (CA), they dedicated extensive submissions characterising the
nature of the plaintiff’s loss, ie, whether the loss was physical damage or
pure economic loss. This was because Belinda Ang J (as she then was)
distinguished the case in Jet Holding (HC) from that of PT Bumi (CA) on the
basis that the latter concerned a claim for pure economic loss, whereas the
former involved a claim for direct physical damage to property (Jet Holding
(HC) at [128]). Further, in the case of The “Sunrise Crane” [2004] 4 SLR(R)
715 (“The “Sunrise Crane””), the Court of Appeal similarly distinguished PT
Bumi (CA) on the basis that that case concerned pure economic loss,
emphasising that this was a “fundamental difference” (The “Sunrise Crane” at
[35]). However, it must be stressed that this series of cases was decided
prior to the decision in Spandeck, where the Court of Appeal laid down a
single test for the establishment of a duty of care in tort. In doing so, the
Court of Appeal eschewed the approach taken in some earlier Singapore cases,
where a different test for a duty of care was applied depending on the nature
of the loss suffered by the plaintiff (NTUC Foodfare Co-operative Ltd v SIA
Engineering Co Ltd and another [2018] 2 SLR 588 (“NTUC Foodfare”) at [1],
citing Spandeck at [58] and [69]). In this regard, the exhortation of the
Court of Appeal is instructive (NTUC Foodfare at [4]):

After Spandeck, therefore, it is no longer necessary to characterise the
nature of the plaintiff’s loss before examining whether a duty of care arises
in tort. Regrettably, it appears that old habits die hard. Parties continue to
approach the issue of whether a duty of care arises through the lens of the
nature of the plaintiff’s loss. We have found it necessary to reiterate that
the precise classification of the loss is immaterial: see Animal Concerns
Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“Animals
Concerns Research”) at [32] and ACB v Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and others
[2017] 1 SLR 918 (“ACB”) at [82]. Nonetheless, in this appeal, both parties
again proceeded on the basis that the classification of the loss was critical
to whether a duty of care arose.

[emphasis added]

30 Similarly, in ACB, the Court of Appeal stressed that the nature of the loss
claimed is, at most, only a “very rough” proxy for whether a duty of care in
tort ought ordinarily to arise in a given context (ACB at [82]). Instead, the
focus should be on the facts of each case, and whether the twin requirements
of proximity and policy are satisfied. Therefore, in my view, the nature of
the loss ought not to be a significant factor when parties seek to analogise
the present case to PT Bumi (CA) or Jet Holding (CA).

31 In my judgment, the defendant owes the plaintiff a duty of care in tort to
take reasonable care in its repair of the Vessel. I proceed to apply the
Spandeck test. The requirement of factually foreseeability is clearly
satisfied: it was factually foreseeable that negligent repairs conducted on
the Vessel by the defendant would cause the plaintiff to suffer loss. Next, I
find that there was sufficient legal proximity between the parties for a duty
of care to arise. First, the requisite level of physical proximity was
satisfied, as the defendant carried out repairs on the Main Engine, which
belongs to the plaintiff. Further, the employees of the defendant were
physically on board the Vessel. Second, there was causal proximity between the
defendant’s negligence and the plaintiff’s loss. It is apparent that any
negligent repairs by the defendant would cause damage to the plaintiff’s
property, namely the Main Engine and the Vessel. Another relevant proximity
factor is knowledge. In Anwar Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC
and another [2014] 3 SLR 761 (“Anwar”) (applied in NTUC Foodfare at [40] and
[50]), the Court of Appeal recognised the following proximity factors: (a) the
defendant’s knowledge in relation to the plaintiffs (see Anwar at
[148]–[149]); and (b) control over the situation giving rise to the risk of
harm and the plaintiff’s corresponding vulnerability (see Anwar at [154]). The
relevant knowledge is knowledge of the risk of harm, or of reliance by the
plaintiff, or of the vulnerability of the plaintiff (NTUC Foodfare at [40]).
In the present case, I find that the defendant knew that negligence on its
part carried the risk of causing a specific type of loss to a determinate
class of persons, ie, the owner of the Vessel. From the beginning of the
defendant’s involvement with the Vessel, the defendant was aware that the
plaintiff, as owners of the Vessel, was in the picture. When MSI first
confirmed the defendant’s appointment as the repairers for the Vessel, they
informed Mr Anujit that “[b]ased on our discussion with owner, we would like
to confirm order with you”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Anujit’s AEIC at p 83.

As such, the defendant would have known that if the repairs on the Main Engine
were conducted negligently, the owner would suffer physical damage and
consequential economic loss. For these reasons, we find that there was
sufficient proximity between the plaintiff and defendant for a duty of care to
arise. I am also satisfied that there are no policy factors that militate
against the imposition of a duty of care owed by the defendant to the
plaintiff.

32 The defendant argues that since the plaintiff had an existing contractual
remedy against Bravely in relation to losses resulting from the defendant’s
allegedly negligent repair works, this should negate a duty of care in tort.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at para 141(b).

In this regard, I recognise that one relevant policy consideration is “the
presence of a contractual matrix which has clearly defined the rights and
liabilities of the parties and the relative bargaining positions of the
parties” (Spandeck at [83]). That was the case in PT Bumi (CA). However, the
present case is distinguishable from PT Bumi (CA) because the contractual
relationship between the plaintiff and defendant is not so confined (see Jet
Holding (HC) at [128]). The Charterparty Contract contains various clauses
that set out Bravely’s obligations vis-à-vis the plaintiff. It was provided
that Bravely shall “maintain the Vessel …. in a good state of repair” (per cl
10(a)(i)), “at their own expense and by their own procurement … whenever
required, repair the Vessel during the Charter Period” (per cl 10(b)), “from
time to time during the Charter Period replace such items of equipment as
shall be so damaged or worn as to be unfit for use” and “procure that all
repairs to or replacement of any damaged … parts or equipment be effected in
such manner … as not to diminish the value of the Vessel” (per cl 10(f)). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Anujit’s AEIC at p 65.

The Vessel was also to be “redelivered to the [plaintiff] in the same or as
good … condition and class as that in which she was delivered” (per cl 15). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Anujit’s AEIC at p 67.

Further, Bravely was to assume liability for and agreed to indemnify the
plaintiff “from and against all costs of operating and maintaining the Vessel
and replacing all parts … payable by [Braverly] … and all liabilities, losses,
damages… arising from or in connection with … any failure on the part of
[Braverly] to perform or comply with any of the terms of this Charter” (per cl
46.24). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Anujit’s AEIC at p 76.

These clauses simply set out the allocation of responsibility for maintaining
the Vessel as between the plaintiff and Bravely. Unlike the contract in PT
Bumi (CA), which stated that MSE (the builder of the tanker) was to be fully
responsible for the work performed by subcontractors (such as the defendant
there, MBS), the Charterparty Contract does not even make mention of potential
repairers of the Vessel. Much less did Bravely commit to be wholly answerable
and responsible for the acts and omissions of any repairers that it would
contract with in relation to the Vessel. Therefore, none of the clauses in the
Charterparty Contract go so far as to commit the plaintiff to look to the
charterer, Bravely, for redress, as was the case in PT Bumi.

33 I also clarify that the present case is distinguishable from the decisions
in Pacific Associates Inc and another v Baxter and others [1990] 1 QB 993
(“Pacific Associates”) and Spandeck, both of which were raised by the
defendant to support its case that no duty of care ought to be found. In both
decisions, the contract between the plaintiff and the third party clearly
provided for alternative means of resolution of disputes between the plaintiff
and defendant. Pacific Associates concerned a claim by a plaintiff contractor
against a defendant partnership of engineers in respect of the negligent
certification of costs and the administration of the contract between the
contractor and the employer of the engineers. No contractual relationship
existed between the engineers and contractor. The English Court of Appeal
declined to find that that the engineers owed the contractor a duty of care
because the contract between the contractor and the employer contained clauses
providing that the engineers would not be personally liable for acts under the
contract and providing for the arbitration of disputes between the contractor
and the employer (see Spandeck at [97]; The Law of Torts in Singapore at para
05.029). In Spandeck, the Court of Appeal found that the facts were materially
the same as the salient facts in Pacific Associates and applied the policy
considerations articulated in Pacific Associates (Spandeck at [97] and [114]).
In contrast with these decisions, there is no equivalent clause in the
Charterparty Contract that provides for alternative dispute resolution between
the plaintiff and defendant.

34 At this juncture, the Court of Appeal’s observations in The “Sunrise Crane”
at [34] must be borne in mind:

Reverting to this court’s observations in [PT Bumi (CA)] quoted above, while
it is true that the law of tort offers an avenue of redress for losses
suffered by a person where such losses would otherwise be without a remedy, it
does not conversely mean that remedies in tort become automatically
unavailable simply because the plaintiff has a remedy in contract against
another party. To conflate the two would be to ignore the fundamental
difference between contract and tort. Tortious duties are primarily fixed by
law while contractual duties are based on the consent of the parties.

[emphasis added]

35 In my view, the facts of the present case can be analogised to the facts in
Jet Holding (HC): Stork, the subcontractor, was essentially a repairer who had
been hired by Cameron to refurbish a working slip joint out of the leftover
components. Notwithstanding that the owner, JHL, only had a contractual
relationship with JSL by virtue of the bareboat charter, the High Court and
Court of Appeal nonetheless found it “fair, just and reasonable” to find that
Stork owed JHL a duty of care in tort. The same reasoning applies to the
present case. As stated in NTUC Foodfare at [57], the test is whether the
parties structured their contracts intending thereby to exclude the imposition
of a tortious duty of care. I highlight that cl 13 of the AME-MSI Repair
Contract, provides that “[i]n no event shall [the defendant] be liable for …
damages, whether in … tort, negligence … or otherwise”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Anujit’s AEIC at para 117(d).

I note that parties dispute the applicability of these terms, as they are
stated to be terms and conditions for a “Standard Sales Order”, and not for a
service of repairs. In any event, I find that this term does not exclude the
imposition of a duty of care in tort owed by the defendant to the plaintiff.
This is because cl 13 concerns the remedies available to MSI (on behalf of
Bravely). Indeed, cl 13 proceeds to state that the “[MSI’s] sole and exclusive
remedy against [the defendant] shall be the replacement of nonconforming
goods”. Interpreted as a whole, cl 13 means that MSI is precluded from seeking
a remedy in tort against the defendant, because it has another contractual
remedy. As such, the tortious liability referred to in cl 13 is vis-à-vis the
defendant and MSI. Therefore, there is nothing in the Charterparty Contract or
the AME-MSI Repair Contract that excludes the liability in tort of the
defendant owed to the plaintiff.

Duty in bailment

The law

36 It is trite law that a bailee owes a duty to the bailor to take proper care
of the goods in his possession. A sub-bailee is generally in the same position
as a bailee with respect to caring for the original bailor’s goods (Techking
Enterprise Ltd and another v JFE Consolidators Pte Ltd and another [2005] 2
SLR(R) 744 (“Techking”) at [10]). Where goods that are on bailment are injured
or lost, the burden of proof rests on the bailee to show, on a balance of
probabilities, that he discharged his duty of care (Techking at [9]). The
justification is that, since the bailee is in possession of the relevant
goods, he is best able to provide an explanation of the misadventure and he is
most likely to have been at fault if such an explanation is not forthcoming:
Palmer on Bailment (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Palmer on Bailment”) at
para 1.053. These principles apply to the sub-bailee as well, who must prove
that he has discharged his duties to the original bailor (Techking at [12]).

37 To establish bailment, the bailee must have exclusive possession over the
chattel. In Yearworth and others v North Bristol NHS Trust [2010] QB 1 at
[48], the English Court of Appeal set out the relevant principles of the law
of bailment, one of which being:

(d) A bailment arises when, albeit on a limited or temporary basis, the bailee
acquires exclusive possession of the chattel or a right thereto: Midland
Silicones Ltd v Scruttons Ltd [1959] 2 QB 171, 189, per Diplock J; [1961] 1 QB
106, 119 per Hodson LJ.

…

[emphasis added]

38 In Midland Silicones Ltd v Scruttons Ltd [1961] 1 QB 106 at 119, the
English Court of Appeal found that there was no exclusive possession on the
part of the defendants in that case as would support a bailment, thereby
implying that exclusive possession is a necessary requirement to establish
bailment.

39 The Canadian courts have taken a similar position on the requirement of
exclusive possession. In The Queen v Halifax Shipyards Ltd (1956) 4 DLR (2d)
566 (“Halifax Shipyards”) at 571, Thorson P stated that:

It is essential to there being a bailment of a chattel that the bailee should
have possession of it which connotes delivery of its possession by the bailor
to the bailee. Thus, bailment, apart from any incidents that may be attached
to it by contract, is essentially a conveyance of the possession of the
chattel: vide Paton on Bailment in the Common Law, 1952, p.29. The
justification for imposing on the bailee the onus of disproof of negligence on
his part as the cause of the damage to the bailed chattel during the term of
the bailment is put on the ground that it was in his possession and that,
consequently, he is the only person who knows what happened to it. This
presupposes exclusive possession on his part.

[emphasis added]

Thereafter, in the case of Coast Crane Co Ltd v Dominion Bridge Co Ltd et al
British Columbia Power Com’n v E.B. Investmenets Ltd et al (1961) 28 DLR (2d)
295 at [20], the pronouncement of Thorson P in Halifax Shipyards as quoted
above was adopted as a statement of the law on bailment:

With respect, I adopt these words as a statement of the law relating to
bailment, and that being so, the plaintiff must mean and show that the
constructive possession to which counsel referred was in fact exclusive
possession.

40 These authorities are consistent with the position taken under Singapore
law. In Zweite Ms “Philippa Schulte” Shipping GmbH & Co KG & another v PSA
Corp Ltd [2012] SGHC 135 (“Zweite”) at [147], Tan Lee Meng J held that:

For a bailment relationship to arise, the chattel in question must have been
in the possession of the bailee, who has a high degree of control over the
chattel to the exclusion of at least the bailor.

[emphasis added]

41 In Zweite, an accident occurred when the plaintiff shipowner’s vessel was
berthed at the defendant’s container terminal. The shipowner and the demise
charterer claimed that the defendant negligently lifted and dropped one of the
vessel’s hatch covers during cargo discharging operations, causing damage to
the hatch cover and vessels (Zweite at [1]). The plaintiffs further asserted
that they were entitled to rely on bailment to demand that the defendant prove
that the accident was not caused by its negligence, thereby reversing the
burden of proof (Zweite at [145]). The court held that there was no bailment
as the unloading of cargo was, without more, a joint operation conducted by
the plaintiff and defendant. The defendant did not work independently of the
vessel’s crew during the lifting operation (Zweite at [148]).

42 Palmer on Bailment also considers that possession can be alternating and/or
divided geographically upon the subject chattel and that possession (Palmer on
Bailment at paras 1.137 and 1.138):

… The problems of exclusivity of control quite often arise with regard to
large faveolate chattels such as ships, in relation to which it is perhaps
more logical to talk of occupation in the manner of land rather than
possession in the manner of chattels. A number of cases confirm that it is
possible for different persons to be in possession of different parts of a
ship at the same time.

1–138 Theoretically, therefore, it is possible to create a bailment in which
possession is divided not chronologically but geographically upon the subject
chattel. With a chattel like a ship this is easily envisaged.

…

On the other hand, it is equally possible to have an alternating possession;
i.e., one which moves like a pendulum between one party and another as
circumstances change and each custodian successively reasserts their presence
and control. ln the case of ships that are occupied by repairers, this seems
to be in many cases the likelier conclusion.

The decision

43 To recapitulate, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendant, as sub-bailee,
owes a duty of bailment to take reasonable care of the Vessel for the period
of time when the Vessel was in the defendant’s physical possession. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at para 40.

I find that no such duty is owed.

44 It is clear that a relationship of bailment existed between the plaintiff
and Bravely. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 42.

Under the bareboat charter, the plaintiff transferred possession and control
of the Vessel to Bravely. In The “Chem Orchid” [2015] 2 SLR 1020 at [66], the
High Court expounded on the nature of a bareboat charter:

A bareboat charter essentially operates as a lease of the vessel to the
charterer. The services of the master and crew may or may not be superadded
but, ultimately, what is critical is that they are for all intents and
purposes the servants of the charterer, and, through them, the possession and
control of the vessel is vested in the charterer (see Sir Bernard Eder et al,
Scrutton on Charterparties and Bills of Lading (Sweet & Maxwell, 22nd Ed,
2011) (“Scrutton”) at para 4-002). It has therefore been said that the
hallmark of a bareboat charter is the transfer of possession and control of
the vessel from the owner to the charterer (see The Guiseppe di Vittorio
[1998] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 136 at 156). A bareboat charter does not transfer legal
or beneficial title in the vessel to the charterer but, because possession and
control of the vessel resides in him for the duration of the charter, it is
not incorrect to speak of him as having temporary ownership of the vessel or
as being its owner pro hac vice (see Medway Drydock & Engineering Co Ltd v The
Andrea Ursula (Owners) [1973] 1 QB 265 at 269). This semblance of ownership
explains why I stated at the outset of this judgment that third parties may
well believe or assume, in their dealings with the bareboat charterer, that
they are in fact dealing with the vessel’s true owner.

45 The authors of Howard Bennett et al, Carver on Charterparties (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2021) at para 1.031 take a similar view:

Unlike a time or voyage charter, a demise charterparty (also known as a
“bareboat” charterparty) is, as the term “demise” indicates, a contract of
lease under which exclusive possession of the vessel passes from the owner to
the charterer for the duration of the period of hire. There is a bailment of
the vessel.

[emphasis added]

46 However, a relationship of sub-bailment cannot be established between
Bravely and the defendant. According to the plaintiff, the defendant was the
sub-bailee of the Main Engine. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 40–41.

Yet, the evidence before me does not disclose such a relationship – the
defendant did not have exclusive possession of the Main Engine. First, the
Vessel was never delivered to the defendant’s premises. The Vessel was berthed
at various third-party locations throughout the course of the defendant’s
repair work, such as the Singapore Anchorage and the Offshore Marine Centre
Repair Berth of ST Marine Tuas Shipyard. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AC at p 2.

Second, the three service reports for the Main Engine prepared by the
defendant during the period of repair and dated 23 May 2019, 11 July 2019 and
8 August 2019 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1AB127–139, 147–152, 154–159.

state that all works done were witnessed by the superintendent and chief
engineer or captain of the vessel. These service reports also state that the
defendant’s job scope was “confirmed with attending Superintendent and Chief
Engineer before work commencement on-board vessel”. In addition, the reports
are also affixed with the stamp and signature of the chief engineer, one Nan
Wen Long. Neither the superintendent nor the chief engineer are employees of
the defendant. In fact, the reports indicate that the chief engineer and/or
the superintendent were present at various points of the Main Engine repairs.
For example, the service report dated 23 May 2019 states that: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

1AB133, 137.

CRANKSHAFT RENEWAL

…

All jacking bolts were tightened. Reading within coupling tolerance. Inspected
& Witnessed by Superintendent & Chief Engineer.

…

FUEL PUMP 09 UNITS

…

Refitted all attachments and accessories with ship supplied new gaskets and
O-rings, witnessed by Chief Engineer.

…

The relationship between the superintendent, the chief engineer and the
defendant disclosed by these documents shows that the defendant did not have
exclusive possession of the Main Engine.

47 Third, the plaintiff’s asserts that defendant’s timesheets during the
repair period do not “state that the crew was in the engine room or near the
[Main Engine]”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at para 59.

This is not a convincing argument. As the timesheets are internal documents to
the defendant, it is reasonable that they only record the attendance of the
defendant’s personnel. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DRS at para 172.

48 The plaintiff also attempts to rely on Halifax Shipyards, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at para 48.1.

The “Wilson Ruby” and another action [1998] 1 SLR(R) 932, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 48.1.3.

and The “Ruapehu” (1925) 21 Ll L Rep 310 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS at para 48.2.

to argue that “a repairer may still be found to have possession for the
purposes of founding bailment, even though the crew remained onboard”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at para 53.

However, the defendant rightly points out that these authorities are
distinguishable from the present case. In those cases, the vessel was
delivered to the repairer’s premises, but the vessel’s crew remained on board
the vessel during the repair works. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DRS at para 170.

The fact that the vessel was in the ship repairers’ premises would have been a
significant factor for the finding of bailment. Here, the Vessel was not in
the defendant’s shipyard. Further, the Vessel’s crew was also on board the
Vessel and the Main Engine during the course of the repair works. The
plaintiff in Zweite had sought to make a similar argument as the plaintiff in
this case. In this regard, Tan Lee Meng J’s observations are instructive
(Zweite at [153]):

The plaintiffs sought to rely on The Ruapehu (1925) 21 Ll LR 310, which was
cited in The Wilson Ruby [1998] 1 SLR(R) 932 to support their contention that
there was a bailment of the hatch cover. However, those cases involved claims
against the repairers of a vessel while they were in the repairers’ own
drydock. In The Ruapehu, Atkin LJ pointed out (at 314-315) that it was clear
that the defendants had possession of the vessel as she was in their enclosed
yard and they were entitled to maintain a possessory lien in respect of
payment for the repairs executed by them. …

[emphasis added]

49 Therefore, the aforementioned cases are not relevant to the facts of the
present case. To conclude, the defendant does not owe a duty in bailment to
the plaintiff.

Whether there were Defective Works such that the defendant breached its duty
of care

Blank plug or orifice plug

50 The main factual dispute for my determination is whether the plug left by
the defendant inside the free-end of the Replacement Crankshaft was a blank
plug or an orifice plug.

51 The plaintiff pleaded that the defendant had breached its duty of care by
“failing to ensure that the correct orifice plug … was placed into the free-
end side of the [Replacement Crankshaft] and/or [failing] to remove the
incorrect plug. This resulted in lubricating oil starvation of and the
consequent complete destruction of the [TVD]”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOC at para 6(c).

The plaintiff contends that the blank plug was, in all likelihood, present in
the Replacement Crankshaft when it was purchased. The purpose of having a
blank plug in a new crankshaft was to prevent dirt or water from entering the
lube oil channel of the crankshaft during storage and transportation. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at para 82.

However, when the Vessel was repaired, the defendant failed to ensure that the
correct orifice plug was installed in the free-end of the Replacement
Crankshaft, and left the blank plug there instead. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 83.

The defendant denies this claim. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence at p 21.

Its case is that the crankshaft had been pre-fitted with an orifice plug. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DRS at para 73.

52 Before I proceed with my analysis, I first explain the significance of
these two plugs being fitted in the Replacement Crankshaft.

53 A crankshaft is a component of an engine. Essentially, the crankshaft
rotates within the engine while being held in place by bearings. The
crankshaft is connected to the pistons via connecting rods. The reciprocating
motion of the pistons causes the crankshaft to rotate. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript (26 April 2023) at p 9 ln 15–17, p 10 ln 19–23 and 12 ln 3–11.

When the engine of a vessel is running, the crankshaft vibrates due to the
flexing of the crankshaft in response to the impulses created as the
connecting rods push on the crankshaft. At certain revolutions, the torsional
vibrations occurring within the crankshaft align with the natural frequency of
the engine and cause severe vibrations. The engine revolutions at which this
occurs is called the engine’s “critical speed”. If left unchecked, the
vibrations will quickly destroy the crankshaft and main bearings, and in
severe cases, other components of the main engine. The TVD was designed to
significantly limit the amplitudes of these vibrations. It protects the
crankshaft by mitigating the impact of opposing torsional forces experienced
during a vessel’s operation. In particular, the spring packs within the TVD
utilise the high elasticity of its leaf springs, as well as the hydrodynamic
damping of the lubricating oil, to shift the major critical speeds out of the
engine’s operating speed range. This process absorbs the vibrations and
changes them to heat. The lubricating oil also serves as a cooling medium to
remove the heat generated. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 21 paras 77–80, 90; AEIC of Bindra Jaskirat Singh dated
20 March 2023 (“Singh’s 2nd AEIC”) at p 14 paras 60–63; DCS at para 53.

It is undisputed that the TVD required a supply of lubricating oil to operate.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 29 para 10.2.

The oil would flow from the oil pump through the passages of the Main Engine,
and then into the TVD, before flowing out through two nozzles into the engine
sump to be pumped back into the system. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 88 ln 13–25.

54 Importantly, both experts agree that if a blank plug, as opposed to an
orifice plug, had been fitted into the Replacement Crankshaft, the TVD would
not work. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 107 ln 9 to p 108 ln 5.

An orifice plug has a 10mm diameter hole drilled into it that allows
lubricating oil to pass through it and be supplied to the TVD. On the other
hand, a blank plug has no such hole or opening. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 83.

Therefore, if a blank plug had been fitted into the free-end of the
Replacement Crankshaft, no lubricating oil would be supplied to the TVD,
resulting in “lube oil starvation”. The TVD would be unable to reduce the
torsional vibrations by hydraulic dumping and eventually, the attached leaf
springs and intermediate pieces would lose elasticity and crack from fatigue
and thermal stresses. In essence, the TVD would mechanically self-destroy. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 30 para 10.6; Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 23 para 91–96;
Wilson’s 2nd AEIC at p 47.

Further, the absence of lubricating oil causes extensive vibrations during the
extensive running of the Main Engine. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 30 para 10.6.

These vibrations would then result in the break down and damage of the Main
Engine. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 23 para 92.

In addition, the vibrations would be accompanied by a lot of noise, as the
unlubricated springs would “[rub] against each other”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript (26 April 2023) at p 55 ln 19–25.

55 To be clear, the plaintiff has only put forward one theory to explain the
allegedly inadequate supply of lubricating oil in the TVD – that being the
presence of the blank plug in the Replacement Crankshaft. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 193 ln 12–23.

Therefore, if an orifice plug was, in fact, fitted into the Replacement
Crankshaft, the plaintiff has no other basis to claim that the defendant had
failed to ensure that sufficient lubricating oil was supplied to the TVD. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

SOC at para 6(d).

56 I make a finding of fact that the defendant left an orifice plug in the
free-end of the Replacement Crankshaft. This is for the following reasons.

Absence of excessive vibrations and noise on the Vessel during the Sea Trials

57 In my judgment, I place significant weight on the absence of excessive
vibrations experienced on the Vessel during the Sea Trials.

58 It is undisputed that if a blank plug had been fitted to the Replacement
Crankshaft, severe vibrations would be experienced on the Vessel. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS at para 45(c); PCS at p 42.

Therefore, the presence of excessive vibrations would strongly indicate the
presence of a blank plug in the Replacement Crankshaft. The plaintiff takes
the position that there were strong vibrations and noise were experienced on
the Vessel during the Sea Trials. However, the plaintiff principally relies on
the testimony of Mr Lee Sai Kit (“Mr Lee”), a director of the plaintiff, for
this assertion. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PCS at paras 107–109, 111; Lee’s AEIC at para 30.

Under cross-examination, Mr Lee testified that he had personally experienced
strong vibrations and noise during the Sea Trials. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 50 ln 7–14 and p 65 ln 5–8.

59 As a preliminary point, I note that there is some ambiguity as to whether
Mr Lee was, in fact, on board the Vessel during the three Sea Trials. In his
Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), Mr Lee stated that “[the plaintiff’s]
representatives, Zhang Long and Zhang Yunchen, were present” at the First Sea
Trial. Further, “Zhang Long … reported to [Mr Lee] that the Main Engine had
strong vibration and noise. He also reported the same to [Mr Lee] in respect
of the [Second Sea Trial]”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 18 and 20.

This gives the impression that Mr Lee had merely received feedback about the
First Sea Trial and Second Sea Trial from the plaintiff’s representatives who
were physically present on the Vessel. Nowhere in his AEIC does Mr Lee
explicitly mention that he was physically present at the First Sea Trial and
Second Sea Trial. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 46 ln 10–16.

Further in his AEIC, Mr Lee laments that “[g]iven the issues faced during the
failed sea trials prior, I was very concerned and so I attended on board for
this [Third Sea Trial]”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 25.

This statement suggests that Mr Lee was not on board the Vessel on the First
Sea Trial and the Second Sea Trial. However, at trial, Mr Lee testified that
he was physically present at the Sea Trials (ie all three sea trials). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 47 ln 13–15.

He also produced photographs from his mobile phone which had been taken on the
Vessel. The metadata showed that these pictures were taken on 9 August 2019,
the date of the First Sea Trial. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 55 ln 19 to p 56 ln 8.

There is no indication that these photographs had been transferred from
another device and downloaded to his mobile phone. Counsel for the defendant
also conceded that there was no evidence to prove that Mr Lee was absent from
the First Sea Trial. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 54 ln 4–11.

On balance, I find that Mr Lee was present on the Vessel during the Sea
Trials.

60 However, Mr Lee’s assertions about the strong vibrations and loud noise
that he experienced on the Vessel are met with deafening silence in the
contemporaneous records. Firstly, in the timesheets/services reports produced
by the defendant for 9, 10 and 16 August 2019, ie, the days on which the Sea
Trials were conducted, there were no records of any excessive vibrations on
the Vessel. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Anujit’s AEIC at pp 711–716, 725–726.

However, during the Sea Trials, the Main Engine was run at varying loads,
including up to 100% load. In fact, during the Third Sea Trial, the Main
Engine was run at 100% power at constant revolutions for an hour. Under cross
examination, Mr Singh agreed that the Main Engine would have hit critical
speed at some point during the Sea Trials, as it was put through the entire
range of revolutions. He also agreed that if the TVD was not working, there
would be severe vibrations on the Vessel. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 175 ln 9–17.

But there is no record of severe vibration in the timesheets/service reports.
In contrast, the timesheet for the Third Sea Trial recorded that “the engine
performance test … [was] found satisfactory”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Anujit’s AEIC at p 725.

Similarly, the Survey Report produced by BV reported that “[o]operating
parameters of main engine [were] observed to be normal” during the Third Sea
Trial, based on the engine testing data record of the defendant. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Lee’s AEIC at p 105.

Secondly, around the time of the Sea Trials, Mr Lee was in correspondence with
BV. He sent two emails to BV on 19 August 2019. Mr Lee explained in his AEIC
that he “had informed BV of the deficient repairs by [the defendant] and the
state of the Main Engine, knowing full well that the true and complete picture
may not be available to BV”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 41 and pp 113–122.

However, notwithstanding the fact that Mr Lee sought to provide a “true and
complete picture” to BV, he failed to mention the abnormal and excessive
vibrations he had testified in court that he had experienced on the Vessel.
Thirdly, in the morning of 19 August 2019, Mr Lee had a meeting in person with
representatives of BV about the repairs conducted by the defendant and the
damages sustained by the Vessel. The plaintiff has provided a transcription of
the audio file of said meeting. However, in the course of the meeting lasting
more than 30 minutes, the transcript is silent on the issue of excessive
vibrations on the Vessel. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 41 and pp 123–134.

On 17 and 20 August 2019, Mr Lee also sent two emails to Bravely. In each
email, he described certain problems with the Vessel. Again, there is no
mention of any excessive vibrations. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Lee’s AEIC at pp 90–91.

At trial, Mr Lee alleged that he had written to Bravely on 9 and/or 10 August
2019 about the vibrations. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 72 ln 4–24.

However, he subsequently recanted this statement 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 4 ln 3–18.

and no such emails were produced by the plaintiff. Thirdly, the plaintiff’s
representative, Zhang Long, who attended the First Sea Trial and Second Sea
Trial, prepared a report dated 10 August 2019 in respect of those sea trials.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 20; Transcript (11 April 2023) at p 60 ln 13–16.

However, the report makes no reference to any excessive vibrations. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Lee’s AEIC at pp 47–57.

It is odd that the report would make such a material omission, given that,
according to Mr Lee, Zhang Long had specifically reported to him that “the
Main Engine had strong vibration and noise”, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 20.

meaning that this was an issue of significance. Finally, Mr Singh, the
plaintiff’s expert, conceded that there was no written record of vibrations at
the Sea Trials. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 177 ln 3–14.

61 During the trial, Mr Lee submitted a video that he had taken on the Vessel
during the First Sea Trial. He claimed that he had recorded this video as he
realised that there were problems when the Main Engine was running. He
asserted that the video would prove that there were excessive vibrations on
the Vessel. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 3 ln 13–22611264; PCS at para 109.

However, no vibration could be seen from the video, and Mr Lee concedes as
much. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 5 ln 21–25 to p 6 ln 1–3.

The plaintiff submits that the loud noise that could be heard in the video
show that there was excessive vibration. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at paras 109–110.

The plaintiff cites Mr Wilson’s evidence that there would be a lot of noise if
the TVD suffered lube oil starvation, because the springs will not be dampened
by the oil and will rub against each other. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript (26 April 2023) at p 55 ln 20–25.

In my view, this piece of evidence is neither here nor there. There is no
evidence before me to prove that it was the excessive vibrations that had
caused the noise heard in the video. Further, it is unclear whether the noise
was attributable to a normal level of noise associated with the operation of
the Vessel.

62 In fact, the first written record of any vibrations on the Vessel was an
entry on the logbook of the Vessel dated 4 December 2019, when the Vessel was
en route from Singapore to Zhoushan, China: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 114.

Remark No. 6 – [Main Engine] rpm between 530-570 vibration and surge

Remark No. 8 – [Main Engine] vibration & [turbocharger] surging RPM reduced
frequently

This entry was recorded by the crew of the Vessel. However, no other entry in
the logbook makes reference to any vibration on the Vessel. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 18 at para 3.22.

Further, this entry was recorded more than three months after the Vessel had
been redelivered to the plaintiff, and six days after the Vessel had departed
Singapore. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DRS at para 42.

Mr Wilson provided an alternative explanation for the sudden vibrations.
According to the logbook of the Vessel, the turbocharger was surging on 3 and
4 December 2019 at speeds of 530–570rpm. Mr Wilson explained that this was
likely to have been caused by the heavy weather that the Vessel had been
encountering at the time and may have resulted in the vibration and noise to
the Main Engine. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 39.

Further, the checks conducted on that day showed that the Main Engine was
operating within the normal parameters. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 184 ln 8–14.

63 In its written submissions, the plaintiff, in the alternative, tries to
explain the absence of strong vibrations during the Sea Trials. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 120.

The plaintiff contends that during the Sea Trials, the springs of the TVD were
still in operation. The plaintiff cites Mr Wilson’s observation that the
springs would only be “progressively” destroyed, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 55 ln 8–10.

which was why the springs within the TVD were found to be cracked when the
Vessel arrived in Zhoushan. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at para 120.

However, earlier on in the cross-examination, Mr Wilson had explained that
“the springs alone are only a minor player [emphasis added]” in giving the
damping effect. Instead, “[t]he main player is … the lube oil. The main
purpose of the lube oil going to the damper is to dampen these vibrations”.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript (26 April 2023) at p 48 ln 4–8.

In Mr Wilson’s First Expert Report dated 21 February 2023, he also explained
that “without a supply of lubricating oil, the internal leaf springs of the
[TVD] … would quickly start to destroy themselves and this would have caused
extensive vibrations during the extensive running of the Main Engine at
varying loads, including up to 100% load, during the [Sea Trials]” [emphasis
added]. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 30 para 10.6.

Further, Mr Singh did not testify that the vibrations would gradually
intensify over time. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DRS at para 47.

Instead, during cross-examination, Mr Singh agreed that it would be puzzling
that no excessive vibration was recorded during the Sea Trials if the blank
plug was fitted in the Replacement Crankshaft. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 54 ln 7 to p 55 ln 17.

64 For completeness, I recognise that Mr Dante Mendoza De Villa ("Mr Dante”),
an engineer of the defendant, gave evidence that there were vibrations on the
Main Engine during the Third Sea Trial. However, Mr Dante caveated that these
vibrations were not excessive. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript (14 April 2023) at p 42 ln 22 to p 43 ln 3.

As explained by Mr Wilson, vibrations would be experienced when any engine is
running. Even when the TVD operates, vibrations are experienced, albeit that
they are reduced. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DCS at para 282.

Therefore, the vibrations experienced by Mr Dante were likely to be within the
normal parameters and his testimony does not contradict my finding.

Checks on the TVD

65 According to the Main Engine logbooks maintained by the Vessel’s crew, the
crew conducted three internal checks on the TVD after the Vessel was
redelivered to the plaintiff. These inspections took place on 9 November 2019,
19 December 2019 and 7 January 2020. On each occasion, the crew concluded that
the TVD was operating normally. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS at para 284; Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 124 ln 21 to p 125 ln 24.

During the trial, Mr Wilson explained that these checks would involve the crew
accessing the TVD by removing the door of the crankshaft, activating the
priming pump, and verifying whether the lubrication oil was being discharged
from the discharge hole of the TVD. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 127 ln 17 to p 130 ln 21; Transcript (26 April
2023) at p 63 ln 20 to p 64 ln 11; DCS at para 121.

Mr Singh agreed that this was the standard practice for a TVD check. However,
he expressed doubt as to whether these steps were actually carried out by the
crew. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 133 ln 9–17.

On balance, I find that the crew conducted the standard procedure. The
plaintiff has tendered no evidence to suggest why this would not be the case.
I also note Mr Wilson’s observation that “[t]his is a standard practice you
would do especially if the vessel had been laid up … for approximately three
months”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 136 ln 8–10.

In relation to the first inspection, conducted two weeks before the Vessel set
off to China, it is reasonable to expect that these procedures are carried
out, given that the Vessel had been lying idle in Singapore for a sustained
period of time.

66 Notably, Mr Singh acknowledged that if the standard practice was executed,
and the crew concluded that the TVD was operating normally, meaning that there
was oil flowing through the TVD, that would confirm that the Replacement
Crankshaft was fitted with an orifice plug: 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 134 ln 19 to p 135 ln 2.

MR HO: … My question is if assuming that the crew, when they checked the
vibration damper, they also switched on the electric pump and they checked the
flow of the lube oil, crankshaft, into the vibration damper, right, and they
said okay, meaning that there is a flow, right, would that not confirm for us
that the crankshaft had an orifice plug at its free end?

MR SINGH: Yes, that's right, yes.

[emphasis added]

67 Therefore, given that the Main Engine logbooks reported that the TVD was
functioning normally, this supports the defendant’s position that it was an
orifice plug that was in the free-end of the Replacement Crankshaft.

68 Another relevant piece of evidence is the oil residue located in the
dismantled TVD. When the Main Engine was being repaired by the defendant in
Singapore, the defendant serviced the TVD. In particular, the defendant
cleaned the internal components of the TVD before fitting it to the
Replacement Crankshaft. However, when the TVD was dismantled by Dalian
Shunzhou in China, it displayed an oily interior. This was a markedly
different appearance from the images taken of the TVD after it was serviced in
Singapore, which depicted its clean interior. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at para 127; DE-5 at pp 15, 42–434.

This indicates that the TVD continued to receive a flow of lubricating oil
after the defendant conducted repairs on the Vessel. Mr Singh suggested that
the oily interior was a result of oil being splashed and circulated from the
Main Engine, which would gradually leak into the TVD through the two nozzles
on the side of the TVD over the course of the eight months. Mr Singh further
contended that this could have been a result of the oil mist which entered the
TVD. Mr Wilson rejected these suggestions. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at pp 160–166.

I am not convinced by Mr Singh’s alternative explanations. Mr Singh only
raised these examinations on the stand. Notably, the oily interior of the TVD
was one of the issues canvassed in the Joint Report. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at p 35.

Mr Singh stated that he would address this point in his Reply Expert Report.
However, in Mr Singh’s Reply Expert Report dated 20 March 2023, he failed to
address the point, let alone provide a viable explanation for it. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DCS at para 292.

Mr Wilson also refuted Mr Singh’s claim about the oil mist, explaining that
oil mist could not have been present as that would have caused danger of an
explosion and would have been picked up by the oil mist detectors of the Main
Engine, which was not the case on the evidence. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at paras 286–294.

Therefore, on balance, I accept that the oily interiors of the TVD evidence
that the TVD had received lubricating oil.

Video of removal of blank plug

69 The second arrow that the plaintiff carries in its quiver is a video that
allegedly showing the discovery of the blank plug in the Replacement
Crankshaft. According to Mr Lee, “[o]n 3 April 2020, the vessel crew together
with the repairers from Dalian Shunzhou while inspecting the [Replacement
Crankshaft], discovered that a blank plug had been installed by [the
defendant] at the free-end of the [Replacement Crankshaft]”. The plaintiff
exhibited a video of this alleged discovery, which was recorded by the
plaintiff’s engineer, Mr Huang Chao (the “Video”). 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 75–76 and pp 196–203.

The Video was played during the trial and showed an individual removing a plug
from the free-end of a crankshaft. The two persons filmed in the Video are
repairers from Dalian Shunzhou. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS at para 145.

Upon viewing the video during the trial, Mr Dante confirmed that the Video was
of the Replacement Crankshaft of the Vessel. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript (14 April 2023) at p 17 ln 14–20.

70 As a preliminary point, I accept that direct video recordings of facts in
issue are admissible as evidence of those facts. They do not constitute
hearsay evidence because they directly communicate the occurrence of what was
seen, to the court: Jeffrey Pinsler, Evidence and the Litigation Process
(2017, 6th Ed, Lexis Nexis) at para 4.057. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PRS at para 6.

71 However, in my judgment, the evidence of the Video carries little weight.
The alleged discovery of the blank plug took place more than seven months
after the defendant redelivered the Vessel to the plaintiff, which is not an
insignificant duration. Furthermore, the maker of the video, Mr Huang Chao,
was not called as a witness in the proceedings. Therefore, he could not give
evidence on the circumstances in which the Video arose, including how the
alleged blank plug was discovered. He was also not present to testify on the
nature of the plug that was discovered in the Replacement Crankshaft.
Furthermore, the chain of evidence is not satisfactory. During the trial, Mr
Lee exhibited WeChat messages dated 3 April 2020, where an employee of Eversea
Shipping had sent to him photographs of a crankshaft, purportedly with a blank
plug fitted in the free-end. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

PE-6.

However, there is no evidence of how Mr Lee came to receive the Video.
Further, even if Mr Lee received the Video from Eversea Shipping, the chain of
evidence from the maker of the Video, Mr Huang Chao, is not established.

72 I note that the Trade-wind Report mentions that “[d]uring the rectification
works in Zhoushan Yuanye Shipyard”, “[a] nut was found blocking the lube oil
supply channel in the crankshaft”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Lee’s AEIC at p 190.

However, the maker of this report, Trade-wind, would not have direct knowledge
of the alleged discovery of the blank plug. This is because Trade-wind’s
surveyor only attended on board the Vessel between 14 and 15 March 2020, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Lee’s AEIC at p 170.

ie, prior to the alleged discovery of the blank plug on 3 April 2020. On the
other hand, the Dalian Shunzhou Diesel Engine Inspection Report dated 13 May
2020 is silent on the issue. This report relates to the Main Engine repairs
that were undertaken in Dalian Shunzhou and includes a series of photographs
depicting an “[i]nspection of issues of original parts”. However, no mention
is made of the alleged discovery of the blank plug fitted to the free-end of
the Replacement Crankshaft 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Agreed Bundle Volume 9 (“9AB”) 5809–5989.

This is curious, especially given Mr Lee’s claim that it was a “significant
and crucial” discovery. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 82.

73 The defendant points to an inconsistency pertaining to the discrepancy in
appearance between the plug featured in the Video (the “Video Plug”) and the
physical exhibit presented by Mr Lee during the trial, which he claimed to be
the actual blank plug that had been removed from the Vessel (“PE-1”). 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript (11 April 2023) p 11 ln 23.

Firstly, the Video Plug contained a distinct ring-shape machining mark on its
centre, whereas PE-1 does not. The plaintiff sought to argue that the
reflected light in the Video gave the appearance of a ring on the Video plug.
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 90.

Further, the threads on the Video Plug appear to have some tape or material on
it, which Mr Wilson suggests being “PTFE tape, plumber’s tape”. Again,
however, this does not appear on PE-1. However, I am of the view that it is
not possible to tell from the Video whether PE-1 is or is not the plug in the
Video.

Mr Dante’s testimony

74 Additionally, the plaintiff relies on Mr Dante’s testimony on the stand to
argue that the defendant had left a blank plug in the Replacement Crankshaft.
158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at paras 73.3, 151.

To recapitulate, Mr Dante is a service engineer employed by the defendant. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

AEIC of Dante Mendoza De Villa dated 20 January 2023 (“Dante’s AEIC”) at para
2.

He was part of the defendant’s team which conducted repairs on the Main Engine
from on or about 23 April 2019 to 20 August 2019. His role was to supervise
and assist the team onboard the Vessel with the repair works conducted by the
defendant. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Dante’s AEIC at paras 4–7.

Under cross-examination, Mr Dante was asked whether his eight workers had
forgotten to remove the blank plug. He answered in the affirmative. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript (14 April 2023) at p 19 ln 20 to p 20 ln 8, 19–21.

The plaintiff argues that this admission is “fatal” to the defendant’s case.
According to the plaintiff, Mr Dante was the team leader and would have known
if the blank plug had been left inside the Replacement Crankshaft by his
workers. He would be capable of stating the defendant’s position on the state
of affairs in respect of the blank plug. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PCS at paras 73.3–73.4.

75 In my judgment, I place little weight on this aspect of Mr Dante’s
testimony. From the evidence, Mr Dante was not present on the Vessel between
10 and 12 July 2019 when the Replacement Crankshaft was installed. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Dante’s AEIC at para 7; Transcript (14 April 2023) at p 5 ln 14–16.

During cross-examination, Mr Dante also agreed that he was not involved in the
renewal of the crankshaft. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript (14 April 2023) at p 5 ln 17–20.

He conceded that he was unable to describe the plug at the free-end of the
Replacement Crankshaft. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript (14 April 2023) at p 44 ln 8–9.

Therefore, Mr Dante had no personal knowledge of whether or not a blank plug
had been left inside the Replacement Crankshaft. Mr Dante provided no
explanation for how he came to know that the blank plug was present in the
Replacement Crankshaft. There is also no evidence before me that any member of
his team had informed him of the presence of the blank plug. His admission
merely amounts to hearsay evidence. The plaintiff submits that it did not
matter that Mr Dante was not personally involved in the crankshaft renewal,
because his team members would have apprised him of the work they did. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS at para 73.4.

However, this argument does not hold up to scrutiny. Even if a blank plug was
indeed fitted into the Replacement Crankshaft, it is more likely the case that
Mr Dante’s team did not inform Mr Dante of the presence of the blank plug. If
the team had noticed the blank plug, they would have in all likelihood
replaced the blank plug with an orifice plug or drilled a hole into the
existing blank plug. Further, if Mr Dante had been informed, he would have
likely instructed his team to take such actions. This is because, as Mr Lee
claimed during cross-examination, it is “common sense” and “normal” to insert
the correct plug in the Replacement Crankshaft. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 44 ln 7–11.

In the alternative, if the team members had informed Mr Dante of their work
done but omitted to mention the presence of the blank plug, Mr Dante could not
be expected to infer that: (a) a blank plug was present in the Replacement
Crankshaft; and (b) the team had failed to remove it. Therefore, against the
weight of all the other evidence, I place little weight on Mr Dante’s
admission that the defendant had left a blank plug in the free-end of the
Replacement Crankshaft.

76 Based on a review of all the evidence before me, I find that it is more
likely than not that the correct orifice plug, and not a blank plug, was
fitted in the free-end of the Replacement Crankshaft.

77 For completeness, if the defendant had left a blank plug in the free-end of
the Replacement Crankshaft, that would constitute a breach of its duty of
care. In my judgment, a reasonable repairer in the defendant’s shoes ought to
have ensured that the proper plug was fitted in the Replacement Crankshaft so
that the lubricating oil could flow to the TVD. During cross-examination, Mr
Anujit agreed that this would be the defendant’s responsibility as part of the
crankshaft renewal process. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Transcript (13 April 2023) at p 89 ln 24 to p 90 ln 5.

I would reject the defendant’s argument that it cannot be held liable, even if
the blank plug was fitted, because the defendant is entitled to rely on: (a)
MSI (which procured the Replacement Crankshaft) to ensure that the Replacement
Crankshaft was free of defects; and (b) BV’s Certificate of Conformity which
declared that the Replacement Crankshaft was manufactured and tested against
the applicable standards. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

DCS at paras 307–319.

For context, the Certificate of Conformity was issued by the manufacturer of
the Replacement Crankshaft and endorsed by BV. The Certificate of Conformity
came with the Replacement Crankshaft. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

DCS at para 105.

In my judgment, the defendant had a responsibility to inspect any replacement
parts, including the Replacement Crankshaft, and ensure its suitability for
installation, as part of the installation process.

Sandpaper used in the Main Engine during the Sea Trials

78 The plaintiff pleaded that the defendant had failed to exercise a
reasonable standard of care in effecting its repairs by using “sandpaper … in
the Main Engine control during the [Sea Trials]”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

SOC at para 6(b).

According to Mr Lee, when the plaintiff’s representatives were onboard the
Vessel during the Third Sea Trial, they observed that “sandpapers were
inserted by [the defendant] into the Control Linkage for Fuel Injection Pump
throughout the Main Engine”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 27.

Mr Lee claimed that doing so was “completely improper and unprofessional” of
the defendant. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 29.

He exhibited various pictures of the Main Engine depicting several small
pieces of sandpaper littered on the ground, as well as other pieces of
sandpaper in the gaps of the linkage components of the Main Engine. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Lee’s AEIC at pp 74–83.

79 In my judgment, the defendant is not liable for this alleged breach. There
is no evidence before me that attributes the insertion of the sandpaper to the
defendant. During cross-examination, Mr Lee conceded that the photographs that
he had exhibited do not show any particular person inserting the pieces of
sandpaper in between the linkage components. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 11 ln 7–21.

Further, the contemporaneous documents indicate that, at the material time, Mr
Lee was of the view that the Vessel’s crew had used the sandpaper instead. On
17 August 2019, one day after the Third Sea Trial, Mr Lee sent an email to
Bravely stating that “[d]uring your sea trial, your crew used sandpaper to
insert into the main engine control to assist the engine running which is
therefore not acceptable”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

DCS at paras 256–257.

Mr Lee’s complaint evidently pinned the blame onto Bravely’s crew. I am not
convinced by Mr Lee’s explanation on the stand that the words “your crew” was
a “general term” and that he was, in fact, referring to the employees of the
defendant on the Vessel. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) p 13 ln 10 to p 14 ln 17.

During cross-examination, Mr Singh also accepted that the defendant had not
been asked to repair the control linkages, and therefore, it was not part of
the defendant’s job scope. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 76 ln 19–22.

80 In any event, I find that the act of using sandpaper during the Sea Trials
does not fall below the standard of care. Mr Wilson explained that the use of
sandpaper is not necessarily poor marine engineering practice. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 28 para 8.11.

For context, the control linkages regulate the quantity of fuel required for
optimum combustion of the Main Engine’s cylinders. If the gap between the
linkage components is too large, the amount of fuel injected into each
individual combustion chamber will be inaccurate, leading to inconsistency in
the fuel combustion in each cylinder. Sluggish and excessively worn-out
control linkages will lead to the unstable operation of the Main Engine. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 19 paras 66–68.

During the trial, Mr Wilson explained that the insertion of the sandpaper into
the gaps of the control linkages is a temporary measure used by engineers to
balance the exhaust temperatures across all nine cylinders in the Main Engine.
Therefore, this prevents the Main Engine from operating unstably. Mr Singh
agreed on this point. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DCS at para 259; Transcript (26 April 2023) at p 77 ln 9–10; Transcript (27
April 2023) at p 73 ln 16–18.

Therefore, the use of sandpaper during the Sea Trials does not amount to a
breach.

81 Finally, there is no causation between the use of the sandpaper and the
damage suffered by the Main Engine. When posed the question of whether the use
of sandpaper would cause any damage to the Main Engine, Mr Singh conceded that
it would merely have caused “minor instability of the [M]ain [E]ngine” and he
agreed that it was “not a big issue”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Transcript (27 April 2023) at p 77 ln 2–5.

Severe scratches on main journals

82 The plaintiff also pleaded that the defendant fell below the standard of
care as “[t]he majority of main journals suffered from severe scratches”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

SOC at para 6(i).

To recapitulate, after the Vessel was redelivered to the plaintiff on 31
August 2019, the plaintiff arranged for Metalock to inspect the Main Engine of
the Vessel from 12 to 16 September 2019. In the Metalock Report, it was
reported that Metalock “found scratches on most main journals which is
abnormal phenomena, especially for new crankshaft”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

AC at p 2; Lee’s AEIC at para 48 and p 145.

83 In my judgment, the scratches and wear patterns on the shells of the main
bearings were within the normal range. Therefore, no damage was caused by the
defendant. In the Joint Memorandum, both experts agreed that all medium speed
trunk engines that burn heavy fuel oil, such as the Main Engine in the present
case, suffer from minor scratches to its main and crankpin bearing shells. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at p 36 para 7(i).

Both experts also agreed that the photographs of the main bearing shells
located in the Metalock Report show scratches that are less severe than the
examples shown in the MAN L32/40 Instruction Manual. The examples in the MAN
L32/40 Instruction Manual are described as having a “[n]ormal bearing wear
pattern”. The manual also states that where the bearing shell has scratches on
the surface that can be seen but not measured or felt (as is the case in the
example), the bearing is suitable for further use. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at pp 36–37 para 7(ii); Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 15 ln
9 to p 16 ln 21.

A fortiori, the main bearing shells in the present case were suitable for
further use too. During the trial, Mr Singh also agreed that “there was no
damage, just the light scratches were noted”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

DRS at para 89; Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 27, ln 5–18.

84 I considered Mr Singh’s further point that the extent of the scratches was
abnormal, given that the Replacement Crankshaft had only been installed two
months prior to the inspection by Metalock. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 17 ln 14–17.

According to Mr Singh, this meant that the bearings would not last as long as
they were meant to: 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 18 ln 19 to p 19 ln 4.

COURT: So it is abnormal, what does it mean? … You don't expect -- if things
are done properly, you don't expect to find this amount of scratches?

MR SINGH: That's right.

COURT: Which means that, what, although abnormality continues, then you would
expect more scratches after another 100, or 1,000 hours?

MR SINGH: That's right.

COURT: The bearings would not last as long?

MR SINGH: Would not last long.

85 However, this damage has not materialised. In AB’s 20 January Report, which
was based on an inspection of the Vessel after it had entered Yuanye Shipyard,
it was reported that only “light scratches” were found on three units of the
crankshaft main bearings. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

2AB1107.

Therefore, the majority of the main journals did not sustain severe scratches.

Crankshaft deflection

86 In its Statement of Claim, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendant was in
breach as the Replacement Crankshaft was misaligned. The defendant had
erroneously observed and/or recorded the crankshaft deflection measurements
and failed to ensure that the crankshaft deflection was within allowable
limits. In particular, the crankshaft was installed with a deflection of
-0.16mm, which exceeded the maximum allowable limit of +/-0.14mm set by the
Main Engine maker. As a result, this caused excessive wear to the bearings of
the Main Engine. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

SOC at paras 6(e)–(h).

87 For context, after a new crankshaft is installed into a main engine and
aligned by the repairer, a set of deflection readings are taken. The maker of
each engine will specify guidelines on the acceptable deflection limits for
their engines. If the crankshaft is not properly aligned according to the
maker’s recommendation, it will cause excessive bearing load and wear the
bearings supporting the crankshaft. In turn, this could lead to further damage
to other parts of the crankshaft. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 27 paras 107, 111.

In the present case, the defendant measured the crankshaft deflection of
cylinder units #1 to #9 of the Main Engine on 6 August 2019. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Anujit’s AEIC at para 65.

88 The plaintiff mounts two arguments in relation to this pleading, both of
which I am not convinced of. Firstly, the plaintiff initially took the view
that even though the deflection reading of Main Engine cylinder #1 recorded by
the defendant was 0.14mm, which was within MAN’s maximum allowable limit of
+/- 0.14mm, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Ibid; Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 29 paras 120–121.

this reading warranted further action on the part of the defendant. According
to Mr Singh, the reading was taken when the Main Engine was in a “cold
condition”, ie, when the Vessel was afloat in calm waters. Therefore, the
reading could easily breach the limit when the Vessel operating conditions
changed. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 29 paras 122–125.

However, Mr Wilson observed that the maximum admissible deflection for Main
Engine Cylinder #1 was, in fact, 0.20mm, because the connection between the
Main Engine and the gearbox on the Vessel was by flexible coupling. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Wilson’s 1st AIEC at p 34 para 11.5.

This correction took the wind out of the plaintiff’s sails. Accordingly, Mr
Singh conceded the point in his Reply Expert Report dated 20 March 2023. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at p 12 para 54.

Therefore, the defendant did not fail to ensure that the crankshaft deflection
was within allowable limits.

89 Secondly, the plaintiff argues that the significant deviation between the
“Top + Bottom” and “Port + Starboard” deflection readings clearly indicates
that the alignment of the crankshaft was improper. In particular, the “Top +
Bottom” and “Port + Starboard” readings of cylinder #1 of the Main Engine had
a discrepancy of four units which rendered it unreliable because in principle,
there ought to be no deviation between both measurements. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PCS at para 178–180.

Therefore, according to the plaintiff, the defendant ought to have taken
another set of measurements to ascertain the alignment. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 30 para 128.

However, both experts agreed in the Joint Memorandum that Dalian Shunzhou did
not do any repair work on the Main Engine to correct a misaligned crankshaft.
200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at p 36 para 6(iii).

During the trial, Mr Singh also admitted that even after Dalian Shunzhou had
conducted repairs on the Vessel, the deflection readings were the same as
before. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 6 ln 21–25.

Thus, according to Mr Singh, this issue posed no concern. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 8 ln 1–4.

As a result, even if the defendant ought to, but failed to take a further set
of deflection measurements, this has not caused any damage to the Main Engine.

Lube oil filter and sump of Main Engine replete with metal particles

90 I find that the defendant was not in breach of its duty in relation to this
alleged Defective Work. In its Statement of Claim, the plaintiff claims that
the defendant fell below the standard of care because “[t]he lube oil filter
and sump of the Main Engine were found to be replete with a substantial number
of metal particles”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

SOC at para 6(a).

This is evidenced by photographs taken of the lube oil filter by the plaintiff
on 16 August 2019. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 27 and pp 59–72.

The plaintiff also points to BV’s Survey Report dated 16 September 2019, which
stated that white metal particles were found in the lube oil filter on 17
August 2019. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

1AB209; Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 15 para 44.

91 For context, the defendant subcontracted the flushing and cleaning of the
Main Engine’s lube oil systems to SPCO Holdings Pte Ltd (“SPCO”) 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Anujit’s AEIC at para 35.

, and these works were carried out between 31 July and 3 August 2019. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at para 7.3; Singh’s 2nd AEIC at para 23.

After the discovery, the defendant had a discussion with MSI, and subsequently
proposed to let the Main Engine run for at least 30 hours, on no load, and
clean the lube oil filter every ten hours, as a potential way to clear the
remaining debris from the Main Engine lube oil sump. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Anujit’s AEIC at p 730; Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 24 para 7.7.

This procedure was carried out. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at para 7.9.

92 Mr Singh claims that there was a substantial amount of metal particles in
the lube oil filter and sump because the defendant did not carry out the
cleaning and flushing of the lube oil system in accordance with the standard
recommended procedure of the Main Engine maker, MAN, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at p 15 paras 46–47.

and the procedure carried out by the defendant was not per standard marine
practice. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at p 7 para 27.

However, Mr Wilson gave evidence that the procedure suggested by AME was
“virtually the same as carrying out the sump tank-to sump tank flush … as
discussed in the Main Engine’s operations manual”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 24 para 7.7 and p 69.

In any event, on 21 August 2019, the BV surveyor attended onboard the Vessel
to physically inspect the lube oil filter and main bearings and found them to
be satisfactory. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

1AB209.

I note Mr Lee’s suggestion that BV was misled to think that the defendant’s
suggested procedure came from the Main Engine maker, as the defendant had
falsely claimed that it was “an authorised workshop of the engine maker, MAN”.
214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 36–38.

However, in the BV Survey Report, BV recognised that the defendant was merely
an “authorised workshop from Engine Licensee (sic)”, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

1AB209.

which the defendant had previously sent proof of to MSI. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

7AB4457.

Therefore, I find that BV was not misled when it decided that the lube oil
filter and main bearings were satisfactory.

93 To conclude on this issue, I find that the defendant has not breached its
duty of care.

Mitigation of losses

94 In the event that I have erred in deciding that the defendant did not
breach its duty, I consider whether, correspondingly, the plaintiff mitigated
its losses.

95 It is trite law that a plaintiff owes a duty to mitigate in respect of a
claim in tort (Pilgrim Private Debt Fund v Asian Appraisal Company Pte Ltd
[2022] SGHC 10 at [215]). This was succinctly explained by the High Court in
Cristian Priwisata Yacob and another v Wibowo Boediono and another and another
suit [2017] SGHC 8 at [310]:

… it is clear that the duty to mitigate arises in respect of both claims in
tort and contract. Andrew Burrows in Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract
(Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) at p 122 explains that the duty to
mitigate “is a restriction placed on compensatory damages. A claimant should
not sit back and do nothing to minimize loss flowing from a wrong but should
rather use its resources to do what is reasonable to put itself into as good a
position as if the contract had been performed or the tort not committed.” In
a similar vein, The Law of Torts in Singapore at para 20.098 summarises the
principle as follows:

It is the defendant’s burden to show that the plaintiff ought to have taken
reasonable steps to prevent or reduce the plaintiff’s loss arising from the
defendant’s tort. If the defendant is able to discharge his or her burden, the
loss claimable by the plaintiff would be reduced accordingly. The question of
mitigation is one of fact, not law. The standard of conduct expected of the
plaintiff in mitigation is generally not a high one considering that the
defendant is the wrongdoer.

96 The plaintiff made little attempt at mitigating its loss.

97 In my view, the plaintiff ought to have taken more prompt steps to execute
the repairs of the Vessel and should have done so in Singapore. It was not
reasonable for the plaintiff to have conducted the Vessel repairs in China.
This placed the Vessel at a heightened risk of further damage and breakdown.
Mr Wilson suggested that a reasonable ship owner would have called upon the
expertise of any qualified marine engineering company in Singapore to inspect
the Main Engine, and if necessary, bear witness to an additional sea trial.
According to Mr Wilson, one such marine engineering company would include MAN
PrimeServ, the service brand for MAN Energy Solutions products (ie, the Main
Engine maker), which has workshops in Singapore. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Wilson’s 2nd AEIC at p 17 para 8.2.

98 The plaintiff’s explanations for the inability of the Vessel to undergo
repair works in Singapore are not credible. Firstly, the plaintiff claims that
the Vessel could not stay in Singapore for a protracted period of time because
of the policy of the Maritime & Port Authority of Singapore (“MPA”). According
to the plaintiff, this policy discourages a vessel from staying in Singapore
port waters for periods of more than ten days. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

PCS at para 127.

During the trial, Mr Lee claimed that the MPA had sent him a letter asking the
plaintiff to move away their ship. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 56 ln 8–12.

However, Mr Lee failed to produce this letter which he had claimed to have. He
eventually conceded that he had received no contemporaneous written
communication from MPA informing the plaintiff not to berth the Vessel in
Singapore. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 134 ln 14–22.

The plaintiff also tendered no evidence of any alleged meeting with the MPA
where the MPA orally conveyed its policy to the plaintiff. Instead, the
plaintiff subsequently produced two email exchanges initiated by him dated 12
April 2023. The first was between Mr Lee and Mr Zhao Xiaocheng, an employee of
the MPA (the “First Correspondence”). 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PE-4.

The second was between Mr Lee and Mr Wong Kai Cheong, a former employee of the
MPA (the “Second Correspondence”). In both exchanges, Mr Lee claimed that the
plaintiff had a vessel arriving at Singapore and sought to berth at anchorage
for maintenance and repairs for at least three months. He sought their advice
as to whether the MPA would allow the plaintiff’s vessel to be anchored in the
Singapore port “for such a long time”. In reply, Mr Zhao informed Mr Lee that
the MPA cannot approve the vessel to stay for three months or more. Mr Wong
responded by referring to the MPA’s published port dues table for a vessel’s
stay in Singapore and stated that the MPA “still discourages vessel from
staying in Singapore port waters for periods more than 10 days” (sic). I agree
with the defendant’s argument that both sets of correspondence are not
contemporaneous evidence to support Mr Lee’s claim that the MPA did not permit
the Vessel to be berthed in Singapore. Instead, Mr Lee has sought to engineer
this evidence to plug evidential gaps. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

DCS at para 385.

Even if the MPA presently adopts a strict policy on staying in Singapore port
waters, the plaintiff has not provided me with any convincing evidence that
the same policy existed at the material time.

99 Second, the plaintiff claims that in early September 2019, it contacted two
shipyards, PaxOcean and ST Engineering, to carry out repair works for the
Vessel. Both shipyards turned the plaintiff down. Therefore, the plaintiff
sought out shipyards in China instead. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

PCS at paras 124–125.

However, the contemporaneous emails from Mr Lee plainly show that he had
contacted PaxOcean and ST Engineering specifically for repairs to the
generators and some other minor repairs. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Agreed Bundle Volume 3 (“3AB”) 1384–1385.

He did not specify that the scope of work would include repairs on the Main
Engine. In fact, PaxOcean had declined to conduct repairs on the Vessel
precisely because the scope of works was too little. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

3AB1384.

During the trial, Mr Lee sought to explain that he had not sought for Main
Engine repairs at the time because “nobody [knew] what [was happening]”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 44 ln 7–8.

I find this explanation to be disingenuous. In his AEIC, Mr Lee claimed that
at the material time, “[i]t was very clear that … the issues with the Main
Engine had not been resolved or closed out”, and “the Vessel was redelivered
to [the plaintiff] under protest”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 45 and 47.

Therefore, the plaintiff did not make reasonable efforts to have the Vessel
repaired in Singapore.

100 Third, the plaintiff argues that carrying out rectification works in China
would cost less than if it was carried out in Singapore. Mr Singh had made a
general comment based on experience that material and labour costs in China
are generally 20% lower compared to Singapore. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 84 ln 11–13.

However, these alleged costs savings must be weighed against the crew wages
and ship management expenses that would be incurred as a result of the
additional voyage. More importantly, this factor must be weighed against the
condition of the Main Engine and the associated risks of sailing the Vessel.
Mr Lee himself acknowledged that in deciding to sail to China, the plaintiff
had taken a “risk”. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 62 ln 23–24.

On 25 October 2019, Mr Zhao Guangjun, the chief engineer of the Vessel (“CE
Zhao”) reported to Mr Lee that the Main Engine had difficulty starting. By 31
October 2019, according to CE Zhao, the Main Engine posed such a serious
safety concern that “[i]t [was] very dangerous to take the ship out in this
condition, so [the plaintiff] urgently need[ed] to fix it and fix this
problem”. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

DCS at para 370; Lee’s AEIC at paras 53–54.

Nonetheless, the plaintiff proceeded to sail the Vessel to China. Mr Lee
alleged that this decision was supported by the professional advice received
by the captain of the Vessel. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

PCS at para 130.1; Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 53 ln 2–8.

However, this was not recorded in writing. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Transcript (12 April 2023) at p 64 ln 20–23.

Further, this went against the advice of CE Zhao, as stated in his written
report. Mr Lee also claimed that precautionary measures were taken en route to
China. In particular, the Vessel sailed close to the coastline and not in the
deep sea, 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PCS at para 130.2.

and travelled “at a very slow speed”. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

PCS at para 130.1.

However, this is not borne out by the evidence. Mr Wilson testified during the
trial that “[t]he engine log books show the engine was operating between 62
and 75 per cent power on passage to China and not at 25 per cent as claimed by
the plaintiff”. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Transcript (26 April 2023) at p 68 ln 19–22.

Mr Singh’s Reply Expert Report goes even further to state that “[d]uring
passage from Singapore to China engine was operated at wide range of speeds
including critical speeds due to frequent engine troubles and heavy weather”.
236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at p 14 para 65.

101 In my view, there was also a significant delay in time between the
redelivery of the Vessel and when the Main Engine was repaired. The length of
the Downtime was unreasonably long. To recapitulate, the plaintiff claimed to
have taken redelivery of the Vessel (on 31 August 2019) under protest, as it
already had concerns about the state of the Main Engine. Nonetheless, from the
point in time of redelivery, the Vessel remained in Singapore for almost three
months before it finally commenced its voyage to China on 27 November 2019.
Even after Mr Lee received CE Zhao’s report on 25 October 2019 that the Main
Engine had difficulty starting, the plaintiff waited another month before
sailing the Vessel to China for repairs. The Vessel arrived at Zhoushan on 16
December 2019. However, Dalian Shunzhou did not commence Main Engine repairs
immediately. Instead, on 22 January 2020, the Vessel proceeded under its own
power to an anchorage off Zhoushan, where it remained for over a month until
it returned to the shipyard on 6 March 2020. The rectification works on the
Main Engine only began on 9 March 2020. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 50 paras 16.1–16.3; AC at pp 2–3.

According to Mr Lee, the rectification works were completed on 7 April 2020.
The Vessel only left Yuanye Shipyard three weeks later, on 27 April 2020. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 96–97.

In his AEIC, Mr Lee sought to explain that the scheduled repairs were severely
hampered by the COVID-19 situation at the time. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 67.

That was why the Vessel was berthed at the anchorage off Zhoushan between
January and March 2020. Yet, the plaintiff failed to put any such evidence
before me. In any event, given that it was unreasonable for the Vessel to
undergo repair works in China, this point is moot.

102 Finally, it is telling that when Mr Singh was posed the question of why
the repairs were not done in Singapore, he candidly answered that he did not
have “any idea”. He also had “no comments” on why the repairs were not done
faster. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Transcript (28 April 2023) at p 83 ln 19 to p 84 ln 16.

Therefore, I find that the plaintiff failed to mitigate its losses. For
completeness, however, I reject the defendant’s argument that it was entitled
to rely on the limitation clauses in its repair contract with MSI to disclaim
liability against the plaintiff. This is because the plaintiff is not a party
to that contract. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

DCS at para 390; PRS at para 22.

Damages

103 Finally, I consider the extent of damages to be awarded to the plaintiff
if the finding of fact was that the defendant was liable in negligence for the
Defective Works.

104 In its Statement of Claim, the plaintiff claimed that it has suffered the
following losses due to the deficient repairs by the defendant: 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

SOC at para 8.

Loss| Quantum  
---|---  
| Amount in S$| Amount in US$  
(a) Rectification and repair works| | US$484,257  
(b) Management costs during Downtime| | US$79,048  
(c) Crew wages and ship management expenses during Downtime | | US$708,720.58  
(d) Agency fees during Downtime| S$223,470.85|  
(e) Bunkers, lube oil, fresh water and supplies to the Vessel during Downtime|
S$6,200| US$461,200  
(f) Insurance during Downtime| | US$75,613.75  
(g) Loss of charter income during Downtime | | US$1,197,000  
| (converted to US$168,945.88)|  
Total| | US$3,174,785.21  
  
105 I shall now examine the nature of the plaintiff’s losses.

Rectification works

106 In relation to the rectification works, the plaintiff claims a sum of
US$484,257. The plaintiff had paid RMB3,044,330.80 for the repair works
conducted by Dalian Shunzhou. This comprised of material costs, labour costs,
the cost of tools and transportation costs. Dalian Shunzhou’s invoice
breakdown sets out an itemised list of the different materials used, as well
as their respective price. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at pp 493–498.

However, the labour costs for the Main Engine repairs were charged as a lump
sum, totalling RMB292,500. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

PCS at para 189.

The plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Singh, takes the view that RMB1,484,373 is
the reasonable cost of repair. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at pp 50–52.

He came to this figure by assessing whether the costs incurred for each item
listed in Dalian Shunzhou’s Invoice Breakdown was reasonable, and whether the
time spent on the work was reasonable. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Singh’s 1st AEIC at pp 37–52.

Conversely, the defendant takes the view that the plaintiff’s claim for
rectification works must fail because Dalian Shunzhou’s repair works were
unrelated to any of the Defective Works. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

DCS at paras 321–322.

Given my finding that the plaintiff failed to mitigate its losses in carrying
out the rectification works in China, I find that the cost of reasonable
repairs should be calculated on the basis of the cost of repairs in Singapore.
In this regard, Mr Wilson gave evidence that the repairs to remedy the
Defective Works would have cost approximately S$90,000 (on the assumption that
the Replacement Crankshaft main bearing pockets required reboring). 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Wilson’s 1st AEIC at p 51, para 16.9.

Notwithstanding that this sum is significantly less than the initial amount
proposed by Mr Singh, I find it to be a reasonable amount for repairs. This is
because Mr Singh’s computation of the repair costs was premised on the Main
Engine being totally dismantled to identify problems with the Main Engine. I
accept Mr Wilson’s evidence that the problems with the Main Engine could have
been identified by running the Main Engine or attempting to start the Main
Engine, and once identified, each problem would be repaired and eliminated.
249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Wilson’s 2nd AEIC at p 27.

Downtime expenses

107 The plaintiff also claims for various expenses incurred during the
Downtime of the Vessel, ie, between 31 August 2019 and 26 April 2020, a total
of 240 days. This is the period from which the Vessel was redelivered to the
plaintiff until the day before the Vessel left Yuanye Shipyard. JMC’s
obligation to pay the charter hire subsequently begin on 27 April 2020.

108 Given my finding that the plaintiff failed to mitigate its losses by
declining to take prompt actions to repair the Main Engine, I do not allow the
plaintiff to claim the expenses for the full duration of Downtime. I accept Mr
Wilson’s evidence that if the plaintiff had carried out the rectification
works in Singapore, the repair works to remedy the Defective Works would have
taken approximately 24 days. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

DCS at para 371; Wilson’s 2nd AEIC at p 17 paras 8.2–8.3.

In my view, this is a reasonable length of time. Comparatively, the Main
Engine repairs in Zhoushan spanned around 30 days, and the experts agree that
some of these repairs by Dalian Zhoushan were unrelated to the Defective
Works. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Singh’s 2nd AEIC at Annex 2.

Making an allowance for the time needed to find a repairer, berthing,
unberthing and entering and leaving drydock, I would allow the plaintiff to
claim for downtime expenses for a period of 45 days, ie, from 31 August 2019
to 14 October 2019 (the “Reduced Downtime”).

109 Having accounted for the Reduced Downtime, I find that the remainder of
the items of loss claimed by the plaintiff are losses flowing directly,
naturally and in the ordinary course of events from the defendant’s breach
without other intervening causes and independently of special circumstances
(see Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd [2006] 2
SLR(R) 195 at [59]–[60]). They are therefore direct losses that fall within
the first limb of the Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341 test for remoteness
of damage (Pan-United Shipping Pte Ltd v Cummins Sales and Service Singapore
Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 198 at [86]).

Management costs

110 The plaintiff avers that as a result of the defendant’s negligent repairs,
the plaintiff had to incur time-costs to administrate the matter and ensure
that the Vessel was repaired and placed in a seaworthy condition. The claim
for management costs covers the time-costs of the plaintiff’s personnel
involved, namely, Mr Lee and his assistant. The plaintiff claims for a daily
rate of US$348. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

PCS at paras 206–207.

The defendant did not submit on what a reasonable daily rate would be. I find
that this is a commercially reasonable rate. Taking into account the Reduced
Downtime, the defendant would be liable for US$15,660 in management costs (ie,
US$348 x 45 days = US$15,660).

Crew wages and ship management expenses

111 During the Reduced Downtime, the plaintiff had to bear the wages of the
crew and the ship management expenses. Mr Lee gave evidence that a full
complement of crew was required by the MPA to serve onboard the Vessel. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 104.

This was not challenged by the defendant. The crew lists provided by the
plaintiff also evidence that a full complement of crew did serve on board
throughout the duration of Downtime. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

PCS at paras 209–210; see 2AB699–756.

The plaintiff paid the crew’s wages and crew transport expenses to Xiamen
Panocean Maritime Services Co Ltd and Panocean (Shang Hai) Shipping Co Ltd,
the crewing managers, (collectively, “Panocean”). These payments were made in
accordance with the payment instructions in Panocean’s invoices, and the
amounts paid varied from month to month. I have set out the payments made for
the months of August, September and October 2019: 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

PCS at paras 211–212.

Month| Nature of payment| Amount  
---|---|---  
August 2019| Crew Wages| US$13,943.87  
Crew Transport (15 August)| US$4,780  
Crew Transport (30 August)| US$1,740  
Subtotal| US$20,463.87  
September 2019| Crew Wage (unbilled from August)| US$463.87  
Crew Wages| US$31,630  
Crew Change Fees| US$558.34  
Subtotal| US$32,652.21  
October 2019| Crew Wages| US$42,938.39  
Crew Change Fees (plane tickets)| US$471.43  
Crew Change Fees (plane tickets)| US$1,800  
Crew Change Fees (plane tickets)| US$528.57  
Subtotal| US$45,738.39  
  
112 I determine the defendant’s liability for crew wages by first calculating
the crew wages incurred on a daily basis for each month. For the months of
August and October, the daily averages for crew wages are US$675.09 (ie,
(US$20,463.87 + US$463.87)/31 days = US$675.09) and US$1,475.43 (ie,
US$45,738.39/31 days = US$1,475.43) respectively. Thereafter, I sum the total
crew wages based on the dates that fall within the period of the Reduced
Downtime, which comes to a total of US$53,983.32 (ie, (US$675.09 x 1 day) +
US$32,652.21 + (US$1,475.43 x 14 days)).

113 During the Reduced Downtime, the plaintiff also paid for the management of
the Vessel, which was undertaken by Shanghai Jiongyuan (which is a related
company to JMC). 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS at paras 213, 215.

The ship management fees amount to US$4,000 per month. The daily average for
ship management fees in August and October 2019 is US$129.03. Adopting a
similar approach in calculation, the defendant would owe the plaintiff
US$5,935.45 in ship management fees (ie, (US$129.03 x 1 day) + US$4,000 +
(US$129.03 x 14 days)).

114 In total, the defendant would be liable for US$59,918.77 in crew wages and
ship management fees (ie, US$53,983.32 + US$5,935.45 = US$59,918.77).

Agency fees

115 The plaintiff incurred agency fees for the period between 16 August 2019
and 27 November 2019 (ie, 104 days), which were paid to the plaintiff’s
appointed agent, JCL Marine Pte Ltd. This amounted to a sum of $219,088.85,
257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCS at para 216; 2AB904.

which included the port dues imposed by MPA. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

PCS at para 217.

Taking into account the Reduced Downtime, the plaintiff would be entitled to a
sum of S$94,798.06 (ie, (S$219,088.85/104 days) x 45 days) for agency fees.

Bunkers, lube oil, fresh water and supplies to the Vessel

116 The plaintiff also incurred expenses from the purchase of bunkers, lube
oil, fresh water and supplies during the period of Downtime. According to the
plaintiff, until the 27 April 2020, when JMC was charged for the bareboat
charter, the plaintiff incurred all these expenses. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PCS at para 219.

117 The plaintiff paid US$10,300 for the lube oil and S$6,350 for the fresh
water. In relation to the purchase of bunkers, the plaintiff exhibits an
invoice from the seller, Kaiyuan Holding International Ltd (“Kaiyuan”), to the
buyer, Eversea Shipping Pte Ltd, and guaranteed by the plaintiff, for a
purchase price of US$138,500. However, the plaintiff is only able to show that
it made payment of the sum of US$46,166 to Kaiyuan. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at para 220; P5SLOD at Tabs 1–5.

Therefore, the total amount paid for these expenses amount to US$56,466 and
S$6,350. Assuming that these supplies are used evenly throughout the period of
Downtime, I calculate a daily average for these expenses and multiply that sum
by the number of days of Reduced Downtime. This amounts to a sum of
US$10,543.44 and S$1,185.68 (ie, ((US$56,466 + S$6,350) / 241 days) x 45
days).

Insurance

118 According to the plaintiff, until the “official start date of the charter”
when JMC became obligated to pay the charter hire, ie, 27 April 2020, the
plaintiff had to pay for insurance. Further, insurance was arranged by
Shanghai Jiongyuan on the plaintiff’s behalf. Therefore, payment was due to
Shanghai Jiongyuan. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

PCS at paras 221–223; 2AB881.

119 The plaintiff claims that the amount of insurance payable per day was
US$313.75. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

PCS at para 223.

However, the invoice from Shanghai Jiongyuan dated 13 September 2019 states
that the daily rate for the insurance during the period between 31 August 2019
and 27 November 2019 was US$270. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

2AB879.

Based on the subsequent invoice from Shanghai Jiongyuan dated 12 May 2020, the
daily rate for insurance was only increased to US$313.75 for the period
between 28 November 2019 to 26 April 2020. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

2AB881.

Therefore, I would award damages for insurance based on the daily rate of
US$270. This amounts to a sum of US$12,150 (ie, US$270 x 45 days).

Loss of charter income

120 During part of the Reduced Downtime, the plaintiff would have incurred a
loss of charter income. The plaintiff entered into a bareboat charter of the
Vessel with JMC on 26 September 2019. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

2AB830.

According to the contract between the plaintiff and JMC, the charter hire was
for a price of US$4,500 per day. Mr Lee claimed that this price was the
prevailing market rate at the time. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 110

The defendant did not challenge the plaintiff on this point and has not
adduced any other evidence on what the market rate was at the material time.
267

##### Foot Note 267

×

PCS at para 228.

Given that the plaintiff charged the same hire price to Bravely, I find
US$4,500 to be a reasonable daily rate representing the plaintiff’s lost
earnings. Further, the contract between the plaintiff and JMC stipulated that
the earliest time for delivery of the Vessel was 30 September 2019. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

2AB830.

Therefore, the plaintiff lost charter income from 30 September 2019 to 14
October 2019. This totals to a sum of US$67,500 (US$4,500 x 15 days).

121 To summarise, if the defendant had indeed breached its duty of care to the
plaintiff, it would have been liable to pay damages amounting to
US$302,625.59. For the purposes of my decision, I have applied an exchange
rate of US$1 = S$1.359, which was used by the plaintiff and not objected to by
the defendant.

Loss| Quantum  
---|---  
| Amount in S$| Amount in US$  
(a) Rectification and repair works| S$90,000|  
(b) Management costs during Downtime| | US$15,660  
(c) Crew wages and ship management expenses during Downtime | | US$59,918.77  
(d) Agency fees during Downtime| S$94,798.06|  
(e) Bunkers, lube oil, fresh water and supplies to the Vessel during Downtime|
S$1,185.68| US$10,543.44  
(f) Insurance during Downtime| | US$12,150  
(g) Loss of charter income during Downtime | | US$67,500  
Subtotal| S$185,983.74| US$165,772.21  
Total| | US$302,625.59  
  
Conclusion

122 For all the above reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. I will hear
counsel on costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Max Lim Zhi Ming and Yip Li Ming (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
plaintiff;

Tay Yong Seng, Ho Pey Yann and Abdul Mateen bin Mohamed Nagib Bajerai (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Jan 2024 (18:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

