Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 7

Divorce (Transferred) No 2504 of 2018

(Summons No 276 of 2023)

Between

VHK

… Plaintiff

And

VHL

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law — Custody — Access — Whether disclosure of party’s bank statements
and IP address is allowed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VHK

  
v

  

VHL

[2024] SGHCF 7

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 2504 of 2018 (Summons No 276 of 2023)  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 January 2024

31 January 2024

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff mother has a long history of denying the defendant (her former
husband, the father of their daughter), access to their child. Matters came to
a head in 2022 when the plaintiff breached a court order in refusing to send
the daughter to see the defendant in the United States of America where the
defendant works as a doctor. After several evasive actions by the plaintiff,
the defendant applied for stricter orders on the plaintiff to ensure that the
defendant gains access to the child.

2 I was minded to order that the child, being 8 years old at the time, fly
alone to the United States, but the plaintiff objected on the ground that the
child was too young to travel alone. I then ordered the plaintiff to bring the
child to court so that I may ascertain whether she is capable of flying alone.
The plaintiff said that the child did not wish to see me, thereby refusing the
court access to the child.

3 Eventually, on 25 October 2022, I ordered the plaintiff to produce the child
in court. She did not, writing by email purportedly from France, to say that
the child was ill and could not fly. I gave her five days to bring the child.
At the deadline, the plaintiff wrote to say that the child was unwell, and
they would not be coming to court. In the meantime, the defendant had begun
committal proceedings against the plaintiff. Notice of the application had
been served on her. Given the circumstances, I ordered a warrant of arrest to
be issued against the plaintiff on 8 May 2023. She has not been seen in
Singapore since.

4 The defendant applied and obtained an order on 21 July before me, granting
him sole custody, and care and control of the child. The defendant said at the
hearing on 21 July 2023, that the plaintiff refused to disclose where the
child is. Therefore, in an effort to locate the plaintiff and the child, the
defendant applied by Summons 276 of 2023 in October 2023 to compel the DBS
Bank Ltd (“DBS Bank”), where the plaintiff maintains certain accounts, to
disclose those accounts and the documents showing their transaction history.
By the same summons, the defendant prays for an order that the Supreme Court
of Singapore discloses the plaintiff’s internet protocol address (“IP
address”).

5 The defendant said that as recently as 10 July 2023 the plaintiff’s DBS Bank
account was still active, and that the defendant had transferred US$162,810 as
the balance due to the plaintiff as her share in the matrimonial home. The
defendant also said that the court proceedings on 21 July 2023 was heard
through live video (Zoom). He said that the Court, as the host of the Zoom
proceedings will have the plaintiff’s IP address. He said that the IP address
will lead to information about the child’s whereabouts.

6 Neither the DBS Bank Ltd nor the Supreme Court is named in the summons, but
Mr Tham Hsu Hsien and Ms Abigail Fernandez of Allen & Gledhill LLP appeared as
counsel for the bank as the first non-party. State counsel Ms Ho Jiayun and Mr
Chng Luey Chi appeared as counsel for the Supreme Court as the second non-
party.

7 Ms Fernandez submitted that the DBS Bank holds a neutral position and will
accede to any court order requiring the release of the documents and
information, but the bank must adhere to the obligations of banking secrecy.
However, provided that the application is made in the right terms and in
satisfaction of s 175(1) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed), the bank will
comply with the court orders. Seeing that the defendant was unrepresented, Ms
Fernandez said that the Bank will accept an order of court in terms of the
draft produced. The defendant said that he has no objections to having his
summons amended to reflect the draft order of court. I accepted the summons as
amended accordingly, and granted an order in terms of the draft order of
court, with costs of $4,000 plus any extraction fees that the bank might incur
in getting the documents.

8 The draft order of court provides as follows:

1\. The Defendant shall, within seven (7) days from the date of the order to
be made herein, be at liberty to take a copy of the monthly bank statements of
all bank accounts and credit/debit cards that the Plaintiff may have with DBS
Bank Limited (the “Relevant Accounts”) from and including the month of April
2023 to date (the “Relevant Statements”)

2\. The Defendant shall, within four (4) weeks from the receipt of a cop of
the Relevant Statements, be at liberty to write to DBS Bank Limited and/or its
solicitors identifying any specific transactions of funds out of the Relevant
Accounts listed in the Relevant Statements (the “Specific Transactions”) and
requesting for any of the following documents relating to the Specific
Transactions (if any)(the “Written Request”):-

(i) for Outward Telegraphic Transfers, the Integrated Payment Engine (IPE)
system reports;

(ii) for internet banking transfers, system reports relating to the requested
transaction;

(iii) for PayNow or PayLah transfers, system reports relating to the requested
transaction;

(iv) for cash withdrawals from automated teller machines, system reports
relating to the requested transaction;

(v) for FAST payments / receipts, system reports relating to the requested
transaction;

(vi) for GIRO payments / collections via GIRO, system reports relating to the
requested transaction; and

(vii) for Point-of-Sale Transactions, system reports relating to the requested
transaction

(collectively, the “Specific Documents”).

3\. The Defendant shall be at liberty to take a copy of the Specific
documents, referred to in the Written Request, save always that (i) DBS Bank
Limited shall have eight (8) weeks from the date of receipt of the Written
Request (subject to any extension of time as may be agreed between the
Defendant and DBS Bank Limited, such extension not to be unreasonably
withheld) to provide a copy of the Specific Documents to the Defendant and
(ii) the Specific Documents are in DBS Bank’s custody or control.

4\. The Defendant shall pay DBS Bank Limited’s reasonable costs and expenses
in such quantum as agreed or fixed by the Court, including retrieval charges
for any documents to be provided pursuant to this order at such rates as DBS
Bank Limited would apply to its own customers.

5\. Such further orders as this Honourable Court deems just.

6\. There be liberty to apply.

9 So far as the request for the disclosure of the plaintiff’s IP address is
concerned, Ms Ho submitted that the only basis for ordering discovery against
the Supreme Court is s 34(1) of the Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985
Rev Ed), but that provision only applies where the Supreme Court is a party in
the proceedings. The defendant’s application is made under DT 2504 of 2018,
which is a divorce proceeding between the plaintiff and the defendant. There
is therefore no legal basis to compel the Supreme Court to disclose the
plaintiff’s IP address. I agree with Ms Ho.

10 Furthermore, even if the defendant has the standing to apply for the
information, the IP address is not information that ought to be released in
aid of a private manhunt. It is common knowledge that the IP address is
sensitive information that can, if used indiscriminately, lead to unwanted
consequences. The IP address, if leaked or fell into the wrong hands, can
become a hacker’s tool. The court has no resources to control how the IP
address is used once it gets released. The defendant may have to call upon
police assistance to obtain the IP address. For the above reasons, the
defendant’s application for the disclosure of the plaintiff’s IP address is
dismissed with no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

The plaintiff unrepresented, absent;  
The defendant in person;  
Tham Hsu Hsien and Abigail Fernandez (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for first Non-
Party;  
Ho Jiayun and Chng Luey Chi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for second Non-
Party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Jan 2024 (14:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

