Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 11

District Court Appeal No 64 of 2023

Between

WOZ

… Appellant

And

WOY

… Respondent

Grounds of decision

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WOZ

  
v

  

WOY

[2024] SGHCF 11

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeals
No 64 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 January 2024

6 February 2024

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties were married on 25 September 2011. They have one daughter (“the
Child”) turning 12 years old this year. Interim judgment was granted on 16
March 2023. The ancillary matters were heard before the District Judge (“DJ”)
below on 7 July 2023 (“AM date”), and the DJ gave his decision on 10 July
2023. The Husband appealed. The two issues in this appeal were —

(a) the valuation of the matrimonial property and

(b) the access arrangements for the Husband.

2 The appellant sought to adduce public records, obtained as of August 2023,
of actual sales of comparable properties to the matrimonial home. Mr Andrew
Goh, counsel for the appellant, submitted that this was a more up-to-date
price than what was available at the AM date. I did not allow this new
evidence. The valuation of matrimonial assets is to be assessed as at the AM
date (7 July 2023), with whatever information available as of that date. That
is trite, and for good reasons. The court must value the matrimonial property
on a fixed date, for certainty and finality. It would be absurd for
unsatisfied parties to return to court for a revaluation of the property each
time prices move in their favour. This is especially so, in the current market
where property prices are likely to rise.

3 As to the appeal regarding the appellant’s access to the Child, the main
grievance was that the access arrangements are unworkable. The order below
requires the Wife to bring the Child to the ground floor lift lobby of their
residence for the Husband’s access time. That is undisputed, and the Wife has
complied with that order. However, the appellant said that the Wife would
return to her flat after bringing the Child down, and the Child would stay for
several minutes, before returning to her mother. This has happened on multiple
occasions, and when the Husband did get to spend time with the Child, he said
that the Child has not been very responsive, choosing to do her homework
quietly. It is understandable that the Husband is upset. He was hoping for a
more responsive child during access. He thus sought leave to adduce fresh
evidence to show that the access arrangements were not working out, in hope
that a new access arrangement be fixed. I did not grant him leave.

4 I have no doubt that the Husband is appealing because he desires for a
better outcome during his limited access time with the Child. But the Child is
turning 12 this year, and she is thus at a sufficiently mature age to evaluate
how a parent-child relationship should develop in their case. Relationship
building requires time, effort, and patience from both sides. Above all, it is
unique in each relationship. It is not amenable to judicial commands, and the
courts must leave it to the parents to develop their own bond with their
children, each in his or her own way. Sometimes, the court might offer a nudge
here and there, but in the end, it must be left to the parent to find the
formula. I thus allowed the current access arrangements to remain for now, but
I granted the Husband liberty to apply after three months, to see if there is
room for change in the access conditions.

5 I made no order as to costs.

Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Goh Kim Thong Andrew and Alvin Sng (De Souza Lim & Goh LLP) for the appellant;  
The respondent-in-person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Feb 2024 (15:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

