Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 3

District Court Appeal No 58 of 2023

Between

WQT

… Appellant

And

WQU

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WQT

  
v

  

WQU

[2024] SGHCF 3

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court of
Appeal No 58 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
17, 22 January 2024

24 January 2024

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant husband is a salesperson, aged 38. The respondent is also a
salesperson, aged 38. They married on 30 October 2011 and were divorced on 22
August 2022.

2 They have a 4-year-old child, a daughter (born on 5 January 2020). The
appellant is appealing against the access orders made by the trial judge in
WQT v WQU [2023] SGFC 30. There is no dispute concerning the order for joint
custody, but the dispute over care and control was settled eventually with an
order, by consent, with care and control to the respondent.

3 The appellant wanted unsupervised access, but the respondent asked that
access be supervised, and that it should be at the matrimonial home so that
she could “monitor” the appellant on close circuit television. The District
Judge (“DJ”) made the following orders regarding access:

I ordered for the Husband’s access to the Child to take place over three
stages. At the initial stage, I ordered for one round of supervised access
sessions at a Divorce Support Specialist Agency (“DSSA”) so that the Husband
can be better equipped to be more attuned to the needs of the Child. After the
conclusion of those sessions, I granted unsupervised access to the Child for
three hours every weekend from 11.00am to 2.00pm, alternating between
Saturdays and Sundays each weekend (“Unsupervised Access Order”). Finally, I
granted Parties liberty to write in after a year for a review of the access
orders. As a broader order, I granted Parties liberty to depart from my access
orders if agreed.

4 The appellant has since completed the stage of supervised access (in October
2023). His appeal before me is on a narrow point concerning the length of time
for unsupervised access. He was given three hours by the DJ, but he says that
the time taken travelling from the matrimonial home and back is between 30 to
60 minutes leaving him only two hours to spend with the child. He is asking
that unsupervised access be increased to five hours.

5 The DJ below was entitled to impose supervised access followed by
unsupervised access. Supervised access is sometimes necessary when the child
has been estranged from the parent seeking access. The idea is to help the
parent and child develop a relationship that had once been cold. Supervised
access is a necessity and not an order to be made as a precaution when there
are no indications that it is needed. In this case the DJ thought that the
child was too young for unsupervised access.

6 A young child with an outward going nature and has been living with both
parents may not require access to be supervised. In the present case, it has
become an academic issue because the period of supervised access has been
spent. The supervised access appears to have gone well. In the circumstances,
I accept that travelling time encroaches onto the appellant’s access, leaving
him with just two hours of bonding time. Bonding can, of course, be a feature
of a car or bus ride; but it is not ideal. In any event, the longer the access
the better it serves its purpose. Access is not a privilege or luxury to the
parent seeking access. It is a matter of beneficent activity, not just for the
parents, but for the child. Divorced parents must be encouraged to accept that
a growing child with access to both parents will likely develop into a
happier, healthier one than a child of a single parent.

7 Had the question of travelling time been the only issue, I would be inclined
to allow the appeal, especially when the respondent did not file any case or
submission in reply. She, however, appeared in person and objected to the
appeal. She alleged that the reason for the breakdown of the marriage was that
she found the appellant molesting their daughter when she was only an infant.
She said that she saw him touching the child’s genitalia when changing her
diapers. She once awoke at 3 am and found the appellant leaning and staring at
the child. On another occasion she was awakened when he stretched over her
body to touch the child.

8 She said that the supervised access took place in the matrimonial home where
they had closed circuit television (“cctv”) previously installed by the
appellant. However, he would take the child into a small guest room and place
her on a table in a blind spot from the camera. She managed to see him kissing
the child, on the lips, through the reflection from the mirrored door of a
cupboard. The appellant denied all the allegations. The DJ also felt that the
evidence was insufficient. The DJ seemed to have considered all the affidavits
in this case of the appellant’s word against the respondent’s, and I agree
that looking at the still pictures from the cctv, it is not clear that the
appellant was kissing the child (at that time still an infant, but is now 4
years old) on the lips.

9 It is hard to judge the veracity of the appellant and respondent without
having a trial in which their evidence is tested. Both parties were
represented by counsel before the DJ. Counsel for the appellant produced
before me a thumbdrive containing parts of the video recordings referred to in
the affidavits filed in the proceedings below. Counsel also said that he
obtained a hard drive which contains the complete video recordings from the
appellant. This was evidence that was not before the court below. The
respondent also produced various new evidence that were not before the trial
judge.

10 Given the young age of the child, and the seriousness of the allegation, an
allegation that must be established with a greater degree of certainty than
what is available at present, this matter must be remitted to the trial judge
to receive the new evidence and determine if he needs to revise his decision,
and I so ordered. He is at liberty to have the parties testify before him.

11 In the interim, access can be increased to five hours as the appellant
requested, but I would order that the access continues to be supervised for
another 12 months. Thereafter, the parties may apply to vary the order before
the DJ depending on his findings on the new evidence.

12 The order for access is therefore varied from three hours to five hours,
but will continue to be supervised for a period of 12 months from this date
until the DJ’s orders after he has ascertained the new evidence. There is no
order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Anand George (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the appellant;  
Respondent.in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Jan 2024 (12:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

