Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGCA 4

Civil Appeal No 27 of 2014 (Summons No 36 of 2023)

Between

(1)| AUR  
---|---  
(2)| CY  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| AUT  
---|---  
(2)| AI  
(3)| BKR  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Mental Disorders and Treatment — Management of patients' property and
affairs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Estate of BKR, deceased

[2024] SGCA 4

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 27 of 2014 (Summons No 36 of 2023)  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Belinda Ang Saw Ean JCA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong SJ  
14 February 2024

14 February 2024

Belinda Ang Saw Ean JCA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The present application, CA/SUM 36/2023 (“SUM 36”), follows from an earlier
decision of this court in Re BKR [2015] 4 SLR 81 that deputies should be
appointed to make decisions on behalf of one BKR in relation to her property
and affairs because she lacked the mental capacity to make these decisions
herself. By CA/ORC 21/2016, this court appointed three professional deputies,
namely Ms Chee Ai Lien Eunice, Mr Tam Chee Chong and Mr Wong Yuen Weng Ernest
(the “Deputies”) for this purpose. By CA/ORC 20/2016, Ms Marina Chin Li Yuen
SC was appointed as the independent legal advisor to the Deputies (the “ILA”).

2 Further, this court ordered that the Deputies were entitled to reasonable
remuneration for their work and were authorised to pay the ILA’s fees and
expenses. Such remuneration, fees and expenses would be paid out of the assets
of BKR.

3 BKR passed away on 25 May 2023. Following her demise, the Deputies filed SUM
36 to seek the following orders:

(a) The discharge of the appointments of the Deputies and the ILA (the
“Discharge Order”).

(b) Notwithstanding BKR’s demise, the Deputies continue to be authorised to
approve the payment out of BKR’s property of the ILA’s fees and disbursements
in relation to:

(i) work done from 1 January 2023 until 25 May 2023 in relation to their role
as Deputies (which has not yet been billed); and

(ii) any work done after 25 May 2023 in relation to the role of the Deputies
(the “Authorisation Order”).

(c) The Deputies continue to be entitled to reasonable remuneration in respect
of their role for the period following BKR’s demise, on the same terms
previously granted by this court (the “Remuneration Order”).

4 While we have no difficulty granting the Discharge Order, the same cannot be
said for the Authorisation Order and the Remuneration Order. We are of the
view that the court does not have the jurisdiction to grant these latter
orders under the Mental Capacity Act 2008 (2020 Rev Ed) (“MCA”) after the
demise of BKR. Instead, the proper avenue is for the Deputies and the ILA to
claim their respective remuneration, fees and expenses from the executors of
BKR’s estate. We now elaborate on our reasons.

5 We begin with the purpose of the MCA, which is to provide a statutory
framework for permitting qualified persons to act and make decisions on behalf
of adults who lack the mental capacity to make decisions for themselves. This
framework was described in the second reading of the Mental Capacity Bill
(Bill No 13/2008) as one for proxy decision making: see Singapore Parl
Debates; Vol 85, Sitting No 1; Col 109; [15 September 2008] (Vivian
Balakrishnan, Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports). The MCA
is based on the idea that all adults have the right to make their own
decisions about their lives, including the decisions about their welfare,
care, support, property, and personal affairs. Whenever possible, they should
be helped and supported to make their own decisions. The MCA’s special
provenance and features, and the implications as to its meaning gleaned from
the provisions, show that the MCA operates and is applicable during the
lifetime of the person who lacks mental capacity. To illustrate, s 4(1) of the
MCA defines a person as lacking capacity “in relation to a matter if at the
material time the person is unable to make a decision for himself or herself
because of an impairment of, or a disturbance in the functioning of, the mind
or brain”. The words “in relation to a matter” and “at the material time” make
it clear that lack of capacity is both decision-specific and time-specific.

6 This underlying premise is also clear from the five statutory principles set
out in s 3 of the MCA which, among others, refer to the treatment of such
persons (ss 3(3) and 3(4) of the MCA) and to the need to minimise any
restrictions to the rights and freedom of action of such persons (s 3(6) of
the MCA). Furthermore, s 3(5) of the MCA mandates that acts done and decisions
made on behalf of such persons must be done or made in their best interests,
as determined under s 6 of the MCA. In determining what is in a person’s best
interests, a decision-maker must consider the likelihood of the person
regaining capacity at some point (s 6(3) of the MCA) and must, so far as is
reasonably practicable, permit and encourage the person’s participation in
acts done or decisions made on his or her behalf (s 6(4) of the MCA). Under s
20(3) of the MCA, the exercise of the court’s powers is subject to the
provisions of the MCA, and in particular to ss 3 and 6, ie, to the statutory
principles and to the person’s best interests.

7 Simply put, the statutory regime envisaged in the MCA is designed to assist
incapacitated persons in their lifetime; the MCA has no functional role after
the death of the person concerned.

8 This premise, as described, is aligned with the traditional position in
English law, where what was then known as the court’s lunacy jurisdiction was
held to last only so long as the mentally incapacitated person was alive or
remained incapacitated: In re Wheater [1928] Ch 223 (“In re Wheater”) at 228.

9 However, this does not mean that the role of the court and the deputy comes
to a complete and abrupt end upon the person’s death. The court continues to
possess a limited residual jurisdiction for the purpose of concluding or
ending the court’s involvement in the person’s affairs. This residual
jurisdiction includes, for example, the discharge of any deputy and of any
security given by the deputy, as set out in para 59 of the Family Justice
Courts Practice Directions.

10 Similarly, a court-appointed deputy for property and affairs will be
responsible, on the person’s death, to hand over the estate to the person’s
personal representatives: In re Wheater at 230. The deputy may further be
required by the Public Guardian to provide a final report pursuant to reg 32
of the Mental Capacity Regulations 2010.

11 In our judgment, however, it is not within the court’s residual
jurisdiction to confer any new powers or authority upon a deputy – that falls
squarely within the court’s primary jurisdiction, which ends upon the person’s
death.

12 With these principles in mind, we turn to the orders sought by the
Deputies.

13 We start with the Discharge Order, which we see no difficulty with. As the
Deputies rightly acknowledge, they cease to have any powers and authority to
act on behalf of BKR following her demise. It is only appropriate that their
appointments, as well as that of the ILA, be discharged.

14 However, for the reasons explained above, the Authorisation Order and
Remuneration Order are matters outside of the remit of the MCA. It is for the
executors of BKR’s estate to attend to the matter of the renumeration of the
Deputies and ILA, including fees and expenses incurred for work done during
the periods in question.

15 We note from the affidavit of Ms Chee Ai Lien Eunice filed in support of
this application that the executors of BKR’s estate are not objecting to the
claims of the Deputies and ILA for renumeration, fees and expenses incurred
during the periods in question. In the circumstances, the Deputies and ILA
ought to have no difficulty submitting their bills to the executors directly
for their approval and payment. We trust that the executors would be fair to
the Deputies and ILA without their having to seek judicial assistance.

16 We therefore dismiss the application in part and make the following orders:

(a) Prayer 2 of SUM 36 (ie, the Discharge Order) is granted. The appointments
of the Deputies and ILA respectively are discharged.

(b) For prayers 1 and 3 of SUM 36 (ie, the Authorisation Order and
Remuneration Order), we make no orders.

(c) Finally, we make no order as to costs, and we hereby release the
undertaking for security for costs provided by the Deputies’ solicitors.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice| Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---|---  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Senior Judge|  
  
Alcina Lynn Chew Aiping and Teo Su Ning Gillian (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for
the Deputies;

Poh Yee Shing (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the first and second appellants
(watching brief);

Zhu Ming-Ren Wilson (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first and second
respondents (watching brief).

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

14 February 2024

Case summary

Re Estate of BKR, deceased [2024] SGCA 4

  

Civil Appeal No 27 of 2014 (Summons No 36 of 2023)

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Justice Belinda Ang Saw Ean):

Outcome: COA holds that the court has no jurisdiction to confer any powers or
authority upon a deputy following the demise of the mentally incapacitated
person.

Background

1 The applicants were deputies (the “Deputies”) who had been appointed by the
Court of Appeal to make decisions on behalf of one BKR in relation to her
property and affairs because she lacked the mental capacity to make decisions
these herself. An independent legal adviser (“ILA”) to the Deputies had also
been appointed. The Deputies and ILA were to be paid out of the assets of BKR.

2 After BKR passed away, the Deputies applied to the court seeking a discharge
of the appointments of themselves and the ILA. The Deputies also sought orders
that they continued to be entitled to reasonable remuneration for their work
and continued to be authorised to pay the ILA’s fees and disbursements out of
BKR’s property.

The Court of Appeal’s decision

3 The Court of Appeal held that the Mental Capacity Act 2008 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“MCA”) was designed to assist incapacitated persons in their lifetime. The
MCA had no functional role after the death of the person concerned: at
[5]–[7].

4 While the court continued to possess a limited residual jurisdiction after
the person’s death to conclude or end the court’s involvement in the person’s
affairs, this did not extend to conferring any new powers or authority upon a
deputy: at [9]–[11].

5 Therefore, the Court of Appeal discharged the appointments of the Deputies
and ILA but held that it was not within the court’s powers to grant the orders
for continued remuneration and authorisation sought by the Deputies. It was
for the executors of BKR’s estate to determine these payments: at [13]–[16].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Feb 2024 (07:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

