Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHC 46

Originating Application No 311 of 2023

In the matter of Order 4, Rule 7 of the Rules of Court 2021

Between

(1)| Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---|---  
(2)| Bob Yap Cheng Ghee(in his capacity as the joint and several liquidator of
Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd)  
(3)| Tay Puay Cheng(in his capacity as the joint and several liquidator of
Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd)  
(4) | Toh Ai Ling(in her capacity as the joint and several liquidator of Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd)  
  
… Claimants

And

| CH Biovest Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts — Quistclose trusts]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

[Insolvency Law — Avoidance of transactions — Intent to defraud]

[Insolvency Law — Avoidance of transactions — Transactions at an undervalue]

[Restitution — Unjust enrichment — Total failure of consideration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and others

  
v

  

CH Biovest Pte Ltd

[2024] SGHC 46

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 311 of 2023  
Goh Yihan J  
17 May 2023, 4 September 2023

21 February 2024 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan J:

1 In the 1920s, Charles Ponzi, the namesake of the Ponzi scheme, defrauded
investors in the United States of over US$20m. Close to a century later,
Bernie Madoff did the same, but on a significantly larger scale, with
investors suffering losses of approximately US$18bn. When a Ponzi scheme meets
its inevitable collapse, how should the winnings and losses be divided among
investors and the creditors of the scheme? This question has been the subject
of great attention by various foreign courts, but no Singapore court has had
the opportunity to analyse this issue until the present application before me.

2 The present application has been brought by the second, third, and fourth
claimants, who are the joint and several liquidators (the “Liquidators”) of
the first claimant, Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd (in liquidation) (“EAM”).
They are also the liquidators of other members of the Envy group of companies,
namely, Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) (“EMH”) and Envy
Global Trading Pte Ltd (in liquidation) (“EGT”) (collectively, the “Envy
Companies”). The Liquidators are applying for the following orders against the
defendant, CH Biovest Pte Ltd: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/OA 311/2023 at para 2.

(a) a declaration that the sum of $2,319,484 paid by EAM to the defendant (the
“Overwithdrawn Sums”) was paid to the defendant for the purposes of putting
assets beyond the reach of the creditors of EAM and/or prejudicing their
interests, within the meaning of s 438(4) read with s 439(1)(d) of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”)
and/or with intent to defraud creditors of EAM within the meaning of s 73B of
the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed) (the “CLPA”);

(b) further and/or in the alternative, a declaration that the payment of the
Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant were transactions at an undervalue within
the meaning of s 224(3) of the IRDA;

(c) further and/or in the further alternative, a declaration that the
defendant was unjustly enriched by the Overwithdrawn Sums, to the detriment of
EAM; and

(d) taking into account any defences applicable to the issues of law raised at
(a)–(c) above, should any of the above declarations at (a)–(c) above be
granted, an order that the defendant do hereby pay to the claimants the
Overwithdrawn Sums, and interest thereon, or such other amount as the court
deems fit.

3 Because the parties have decided that it is in their best interest to have
an expeditious determination of their dispute, they have agreed to certain
facts (the “Agreed Facts”) and legal issues (the “Agreed Issues”). This
necessarily means that my determinations are confined to the present
application only and have no bearing on any related proceedings.

Background to the present application

4 I begin with the background to the present application, which is necessary
for a fuller context of the Agreed Facts and the Agreed Issues.

The Envy Companies’ purported business of nickel trading

5 From around January 2016 to around April 2020, EAM purported to purchase
quantities of London Metal Exchange (“LME”) Nickel Grade Metal (“Poseidon
Nickel”) from an Australian company, Poseidon Nickel Limited (“Poseidon”). In
particular, EAM purported to purchase Poseidon Nickel at a 16% to 25% discount
compared to the average of the LME Nickel official daily cash settlement
prices for the month prior to the month of scheduled shipment. EAM then
purported to sell Poseidon Nickel at a higher price to third party buyers,
such as China MinMetals Corporation and BNP Paribas Commodity Futures Limited.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee dated 27 March 2023 (“Yap’s Affidavit”) at
paras 2.1.4(a)–(b).

6 In respect of the purchase and sale of Poseidon Nickel, EAM entered into
Letters of Agreement (“LOAs”) with its investors. The investors would pay a
principal amount to EAM to be used “solely for investment in LME Nickel Grade
Metal” or “solely for investment in LME Grade Nickel Concentrates” for a
three-month period. In certain cases, investors could commit to multiple,
consecutive three-month tranches upfront. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.4(c).

7 Each of the LOAs contemplated investments which were materially similar in
the following ways: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.4(d).

(a) Investors would pay a principal amount to buy into one of EAM’s purported
trades in Poseidon Nickel.

(b) When the LOA matured, EAM would pay investors an amount comprising: (i) a
percentage of their principal amount; (ii) appreciation on Poseidon Nickel;
(iii) less shipping and insurance costs incurred by EAM, and a commission fee
retained by EAM.

(c) EAM guaranteed that it would return investors approximately 85% of their
principal amount upon maturity of the LOA.

(d) After the LOA matured, investors had the option of: (i) fully or partially
withdrawing their returns; or (ii) “rolling over” any returns that were not
withdrawn into a new LOA.

8 From around June 2019 to around February 2020, the defendant entered into
LOAs with EAM. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.5.

The relevant terms in those LOAs are as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Yap’s Affidavit at pp 577–621.

(a) Clause 1.2 defines appreciation as “(i) the [Fair Market Value] of each
liquid asset of [EAM] at any given time after the [e]ffective [d]ate”; minus
“(ii) the [Fair Market Value] of each liquid asset of [EAM] as of the
[e]ffective [d]ate (or the date of acquisition of such asset, if after the
date hereof) after the deduction of the relevant clearance and bourse fees”.

(b) Clause 1.7 defines commission as “a percentage of realised [a]ppreciation
in the [p]ortfolio of [EAM] at the end of each calendar month following the
[e]ffective [d]ate”, ie, the date when the LOA was entered into.

(c) Clause 1.8 defines portfolio as EAM’s “invested asset holdings in 5,000
tonnes of [LME] Nickel Grade Metal purchased from an asset operated by
Poseidon”.

(d) Clause 2.1 provides that EAM “may use [the principal amount] [solely] for
investment in LME Nickel Grade Metal” during the period of the LOAs.

(e) Clause 2.4 provides as follows:

[EAM] cannot guarantee the future performance of the Investor’s investment,
promise any specific level of performance or promise that the investment
decisions, strategies or overall management of the account will be successful.

The investment decisions that [EAM] will make for the Investor are subject to
various market, currency, economic, political and business risks, and will not
necessarily be profitable. The Investor acknowledges that he/she is required
to seek and obtain independent counsel in relation to the legal, accounting
and tax risks associated with this Agreement.

Except as may otherwise be provided by law, [EAM] will not be liable to [sic]
for any loss that the Investor may suffer as a result of [EAM’s] good faith
decisions or actions where [EAM] exercises the degree of care, skill, prudence
and diligence under the circumstances that a prudent person acting in a
similar capacity would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a similar
character and with similar aims.

(f) Clause 3 provides that when the LOAs mature, EAM would pay the defendant:
(i) the principal amount of $1m in each LOA; (ii) appreciation on Poseidon
Nickel; less (iii) shipping and insurance costs incurred by EAM, and a
commission fee retained by EAM. The principal amount is defined as “a buy-in
into the Portfolio of [EAM]”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.4(d)(i).

9 In purported discharge of EAM’s obligations under cl 3 of its LOAs, the
defendant received sums in excess of the principal sums it invested, which I
have referred to as the “Overwithdrawn Sums” (see [2] above). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.5.

The breakdown of the Overwithdrawn Sums is as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.5.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

10 On 19 March 2020, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) placed EAM on
its Investor Alert List. MAS did this to “highlight that EAM may have been
wrongly perceived as being licensed by MAS”. According to a statement that MAS
released at the material time, it had “received public feedback that EAM had
told [investors] that it was in the process of applying for a license from
MAS, when in fact no such application had been submitted”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.6.

11 Following the actions taken by MAS, the Envy Companies were restructured.
First, from around April 2020, EAM’s business of purported nickel trading was
transferred to EGT. As such, EGT became the main operating entity of the Envy
Companies. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.7(a).

Second, EMH was incorporated on 18 June 2020 as the holding company of EGT.
Most employees and most operation cost obligations were shifted from EAM
and/or EGT to EMH. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.7(b).

12 From around April 2020 to around March 2021, EGT continued the business of
purported nickel trading. However, instead of LOAs, investors invested by way
of Receivables Purchase Agreements (“RPAs”). The RPAs differed in operation
from the LOAs in the following ways: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.1.8.

(a) Instead of an investment into EAM’s “Portfolio”, an investor would
purchase a proportion of the receivables that EGT was purportedly entitled to
receive under a Forward Contract with a third party buyer at a certain “Sale
Price”, that is, the sum invested by the investor.

(b) In addition to BNP Commodity Futures Limited, EGT held out that BNP
Paribas and Raffemet Pte Ltd were also buyers for a number of Forward
Contracts.

(c) The “Sale Price” would entitle the investor to a proportion of the “Total
Receivable” which EGT would be entitled to from the Forward Contract with the
third-party buyer.

The winding-up of the Envy Companies

13 On 22 March 2021, the Commercial Affairs Department announced that it had
preferred charges against the key person behind the Envy Companies, Mr Ng Yu
Zhi (“NYZ”), for cheating and fraudulent trading. On 15 April 2021, the Envy
Companies filed applications to place themselves under judicial management.
Interim judicial managers (“IJMs”) were appointed over the Envy Companies on
27 April 2021. The IJMs were tasked with, among other things, preparing a
report on the financial position of the Envy Companies, along with their views
on the prospects of the objectives of judicial management being achieved. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Yap’s Affidavit at paras 2.2.1–2.2.2.

14 On 25 May 2021, the IJMs issued the Interim Judicial Managers’ Report (the
“Interim Report”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Yap’s Affidavit at pp 23–112.

In the Interim Report, the IJMs found that the Envy Companies’ purported
nickel trading were non-existent, and that the documents which had been
presented to them in support of the said trading activity were forgeries. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.2.3 and p 60 para 5.8.1.

Instead, investors’ funds that had been invested in EAM and/or EGT had, among
others, been: (a) transferred to NYZ without any proper or legitimate basis;
(b) paid to NYZ and one Ms Lee Si Ye as directors’ fees without any proper or
legitimate basis; (c) paid to employees of the Envy Companies as commissions,
profit sharing and/or referral fees without any proper or legitimate basis;
and (d) paid to other investors as referral fees and/or fictitious profits in
excess of their principal amounts invested, without any proper basis. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.2.3.

The IJMs therefore concluded that “none of the purposes of a judicial
management as set out in section 89(1) of the IRDA can be achieved”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Yap’s Affidavit at p 61 para 6.1.1.

This was not only because the purported nickel trading was non-existent, but
also because the Envy Companies did not partake in any other meaningful
business. Moreover, the Envy Companies’ known assets were grossly insufficient
to meet the potential claims of the Envy Companies’ creditors. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.2.4 and p 61 para 6.1.2.

15 On 2 July 2021, the IJMs issued the Update to the Interim Judicial
Managers’ Report (the “Update”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Yap’s Affidavit at pp 113–151.

In the Update, the IJMs identified claims against certain investors of the
Envy Companies (the “Overwithdrawn Investors”) for: (a) the referral fees paid
by the Envy Companies; and/or (b) the Overwithdrawn Sums, as potential avenues
of recovery for the Envy Companies. The IJMs then applied on the same day to
wind up the Envy Companies since there was no meaningful business to
rehabilitate. On 16 August 2021, a winding up order was made against each of
the Envy Companies. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Yap’s Affidavit at paras 2.2.5–2.2.6.

The present application

16 After the winding up of the Envy Companies, the Liquidators sought several
other avenues of recovery that had been identified in the Update. On 22
September 2022, the Liquidators issued several letters of demand against the
Overwithdrawn Investors, including but not limited to the defendant, for the
Overwithdrawn Sums. The Liquidators and the defendant then engaged in without
prejudice correspondence before eventually agreeing on the Agreed Facts, the
Agreed Issues, and the prayers for the present application. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Yap’s Affidavit at paras 2.3.1–2.3.4.

17 This is thus the background by which the present application has come
before me.

The Agreed Facts and the defendant’s elaboration

18 As I mentioned (see [3] above), the present application has been made more
expeditious due to the parties’ Agreed Facts. As a starting point, these are
as follows: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 3.1.1.

(a) The defendant invested in the purported nickel trading and was paid the
aggregate sum of $2,319,484 in excess of the principal sum it invested, the
details of which are contained in the Annex to the letter of demand to the
defendant dated 26 September 2022. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Yap’s Affidavit at p 657.

(b) The purported nickel trading was non-existent.

(c) The Overwithdrawn Sums were paid out of moneys invested by other investors
in the Envy Companies, as opposed to any proceeds of the purported nickel
trading.

19 Additionally, some of the Agreed Facts are based on various findings
contained in the Interim Report and the Update. For example: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 3.1.2.

(a) Poseidon confirmed by way of: (i) an announcement on the Australian
Securities Exchange; and (ii) correspondence with the IJMs, that it had no
business relationship with the Envy Companies, NYZ, or any associates.
Accordingly, the entire basis of the Envy Companies’ alleged source of
physical nickel for the purported nickel trading was false.

(b) EAM and/or EGT did not enter into any transaction for the sale of physical
nickel to any third party. For instance, BNP Paribas Commodities Futures
Limited was no longer authorised to conduct regulated business on 4 February
2019, and closed from 15 March 2019. Accordingly, the entire basis of the Envy
Companies’ alleged sale of physical nickel and consequent profits was false.

(c) Various documents, such as contracts, trading statements, and shipping
documents contained a number of irregularities.

(d) Accordingly, the purported nickel trading was non-existent.

20 The defendant makes two clarifications to the Agreed Facts. First, the
parties agreed that they may introduce any facts beyond the Agreed Facts to
advance their respective cases. Second, the defendant had agreed to the Agreed
Facts on the basis of the findings in the Interim Report and the Update. More
specifically, the defendant had agreed because it did not see any reason to
dispute the facts as set out in the Interim Report and the Update, and not
because the defendant had been aware of these facts prior to the Interim
Report and the Update being issued. In addition to these clarifications, the
defendant also, with the claimants’ consent, introduced supplemental facts to
the Agreed Facts. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Affidavit of Liew Mei Hong dated 18 April 2023 (“Liew’s Affidavit”) at paras
5–8.

21 In sum, the defendant submits that it is a bona fide investor who had no
knowledge or notice of the non-existence of the purported nickel trading or
that the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid out of moneys invested by other
investors in the Envy Companies at all material times. Instead, the defendant
discovered this for the first time in the first quarter of 2021. This was
around the time when the Envy Companies’ scheme unravelled publicly. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Liew’s Affidavit at paras 15–16.

22 Given that the purpose of the defendant’s supplemental facts is clear,
there is no need to go through those facts in detail. For the present
purposes, those facts may be summarised. In January 2019, the defendant’s
holding company, Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (the “Holding Company”), announced
it was disposing one of its SGX-listed subsidiaries. The Holding Company
decided to reinvest part of the resulting sale proceeds. It transferred part
of the sale proceeds to the defendant for the defendant to oversee the
investment. It was against this background that the defendant decided to
invest with EAM. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Liew’s Affidavit at para 9.

23 Between June 2019 and February 2020, the defendant invested $5,480,246 with
EAM. It received $7,799,730 in return, thus making a profit of $2,319,484, ie,
the Overwithdrawn Sums. The defendant therefore agrees that it received
$2,319,484 as profits from its investment with EAM. The manner of the
defendant’s investment is as described above (see [8]–[9]). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Liew’s Affidavit at para 10.

24 The defendant emphasises that it believed that EAM was conducting a
legitimate business and had no reason to suspect otherwise. The defendant
elaborates that EAM always followed up promptly with the defendant in relation
to various written records and documents such as invoices and settlement
receipts. The defendant also received monthly email updates from EAM,
consisting of the market outlook for the month, nickel daily prices, and an
investment report that EAM had prepared for the defendant. Further, the
defendant explains that before it could invest in the purported nickel trading
with EAM, EAM had undertaken know-your-client checks on the defendant, and had
sought various documents from the defendant for the purpose of performing its
due diligence checks on the defendant. As such, EAM represented to the
defendant that it had robust business practices in place, including anti-money
laundering checks. These checks gave the defendant the impression that EAM had
established a safe and trustworthy environment for investors to deposit funds.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Liew’s Affidavit at para 17.

25 Despite the defendant’s confidence in EAM’s investment portfolio, the
defendant says it took measures to manage the risks of its investment with
EAM. In this regard, the defendant did not invest a huge one-time lump sum
amount with EAM. The defendant also decided to take a step-up investment
approach, with the amount of its investment only increasing upon the
completion of the first contract. This allowed the defendant to test the
waters and evaluate if its investments with EAM were viable before increasing
any future investment. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Liew’s Affidavit at para 18.

26 The defendant’s investment with EAM concluded around 12 February 2020,
which was the start date of the final LOA it had entered into with EAM. The
defendant made its final withdrawal of the proceeds from its investment with
EAM on 28 May 2020. The defendant decided to withdraw all of the funds it had
invested with EAM in May 2020 because the Holding Company and its subsidiaries
had found new business investment opportunities elsewhere. It was only a year
later that the defendant came to learn of the Envy Companies’ alleged scheme.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Liew’s Affidavit at paras 19–20.

27 Upon concluding its investment with EAM, the principal amount that the
defendant invested with EAM was used to repay the amount owing to the Holding
Company. As for the profits which were paid out (ie, the Overwithdrawn Sums),
these were all used by the defendant to repay other amounts owing to the
Holding Company, amounting to $2,045,118 in May 2020. The remaining amounts
were used to pay the defendant’s operating expenses in 2020 and 2021. As a
result, the 2019 to 2020 accounts have all been finalised and audited,
including the group accounts of the Holding Company. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Liew’s Affidavit at para 22.

The Agreed Issues

28 From the Agreed Facts as elaborated above, the parties have come to the
Agreed Issues, which concern whether, by way of statutory clawback actions or
otherwise, the fact that the Envy Companies had no meaningful business means
that those investors who profited from the scheme ought to repay the aggregate
sum that they have received in excess of their actual principal invested to
the Envy Companies.

29 More specifically, the Agreed Issues are encapsulated within the
declarations sought (see [2] above) and I set them out again for convenience:

(a) a declaration that the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid to the defendant for
the purposes of putting assets beyond the reach of the creditors of EAM and/or
prejudicing their interests, within the meaning of s 438(4) read with s
439(1)(d) of the IRDA and/or with intent to defraud creditors of EAM within
the meaning of s 73B of the CLPA;

(b) further and/or in the alternative, a declaration that the payment of the
Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant were transactions at an undervalue within
the meaning of s 224(3) of the IRDA;

(c) further and/or in the further alternative, a declaration that the
defendant was unjustly enriched by the Overwithdrawn Sums, to the detriment of
EAM; and

(d) taking into account any defences applicable to the issues of law raised at
(a)–(c) above, should any of the above declarations at (a)–(c) above be
granted, an order that the defendant do hereby pay to the claimants the
Overwithdrawn Sums, and interest thereon, or such other amount as the court
deems fit.

Appointment of Young Independent Counsel

30 Because the present application raised several novel issues, I appointed a
Young Independent Counsel, Mr Jason Teo (“Mr Teo”), to answer the following
questions (the “YIC Questions”):

(a) Do such Overwithdrawn Sums constitute trust property, and if so, held on
trust for whom, and in what kind of trust?

(i) Assuming a trust exists, does it exist over the entirety of the
Overwithdrawn Sums, or only the principal, or only the profits?

(b) For the purposes of s 224(1) of the IRDA, are purported investment returns
paid to an investor considered “transaction[s] with any person at an
undervalue”?

(i) Assuming s 224(1) applies, does it apply across investors or per
transaction?

(c) For the purposes of s 224(3) of the IRDA and s 73B(3) of the CLPA, can
there be valid “consideration” given by an investor to the perpetrators of a
Ponzi scheme in exchange for fictitious profits paid out of the scheme?

(d) Does unjust enrichment operate against the investor in relation to such
Overwithdrawn Sums in the context of a Ponzi scheme, and if so, how?

31 I express my gratitude at the outset to Mr Teo, as well as counsel for the
claimants, Mr David Chan (“Mr Chan”), and counsel for the defendant, Mr
Pereira Kenetth Jerald (“Mr Pereira”), including their respective teams, for
all their very helpful submissions.

Three preliminary issues

32 Before I deal with the Agreed Issues and the bulk of the YIC Questions, I
turn to address three preliminary issues. First, whether the claimants are
entitled to declaratory relief at all. Second, whether the Overwithdrawn Sums
are trust property and therefore not the assets of EAM. Third, whether, as the
defendant contends, the claimants have made a fundamental error in their
choice of the avoidance provisions which they have invoked in this
application. I have termed these as preliminary issues because, depending on
how they are resolved, it may render it unnecessary for me to consider certain
(to even substantial) portions of the claimants’ application in any
substantive manner.

Whether the claimants are entitled to declaratory relief

33 To begin with, the court’s power to grant declaratory relief is statutory.
This power is located in s 18 read with para 14 of the First Schedule to the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) and O 15 r 16 of the Rules
of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (or its equivalent provision in O 4 r 7 of the Rules of
Court 2021) (see the Court of Appeal decision of Salijah bte Ab Latef v Mohd
Irwan bin Abdullah Teo [1996] 2 SLR(R) 80 at [51]).

34 However, although the court has the power to grant declaratory relief, this
does not mean that the court should always exercise its discretion to do so.
The English position is that the discretion should be exercised “with great
care and jealousy” or “with extreme caution” (see the House of Lords decision
of Russian Commercial and Industrial Bank v British Bank for Foreign Trade Ltd
[1921] 2 AC 438 at 445, citing Austen v Collins (1886) 54 LT 903 at 905 and
Faber v Gosworth Urban District Council (1903) 88 LT 549 at 550).

35 In Singapore, declaratory relief must be justified by the circumstances of
the case (see the Court of Appeal decision in Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“Karaha Bodas”) at
[14(c)]). In this regard, a claimant seeking declaratory relief must satisfy
six requirements: (a) the court must have the jurisdiction and power to award
the remedy; (b) the matter must be justiciable in the court; (c) as a
declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case; (d) the plaintiff must have locus standi to bring
the suit and there must be a real controversy for the court to resolve; (e)
any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and (f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about
the issue in respect of which the declaration is asked for so that the court’s
determination would have the effect of laying such doubts to rest (see Karaha
Bodas at [14]).

36 For the present purposes, it is unnecessary for me to consider all of these
requirements in detail. Instead, I only need to focus on the third requirement
of whether the circumstances justify granting the declarations sought. With
the above in mind, I am satisfied that it is appropriate to grant the
declarations sought, if the claimants convince me that it is correct as a
matter of law to do so. Indeed, the defendant has not seriously contended that
the claimants are not able to seek the declarations concerned.

Whether the Overwithdrawn Sums are trust property and therefore not the assets
of EAM

The parties’ positions

37 As a preliminary point, the defendant submits that the moneys paid by
investors to EAM were held by EAM on a Quistclose trust and/or an
institutional constructive trust for the investors. This means, in the
defendant’s submission, that the Overwithdrawn Sums constitute trust property
that would not form part of EAM’s assets, and therefore would not be subject
to the relevant avoidance provisions in the CLPA and the IRDA 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 12 May 2023 (“DWS”) at para 8.

(though cf the English Court of Appeal decision of Invest Bank PSC v El-
Husseini and others [2023] 3 WLR 645).

38 More specifically, the defendant submits that a Quistclose trust arose over
the moneys that EAM received from investors because the moneys were subject to
“restrictions on use” and “solely for investment in LME Nickel Grade Metal” as
stated in cl 2.1 of the LOAs. Given the specified, exclusive purpose for the
moneys, the moneys were not at EAM’s free disposal but held on a Quistclose
trust for the investors. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DWS at para 11.

In the alternative, the defendant submits that an institutional constructive
trust arose over the moneys that EAM received from investors because: (a) EAM
fraudulently induced investors to invest into the Ponzi scheme it
perpertrated; and (b) when property is acquired by fraud, equity imposes a
constructive trust on the fraudulent recipient. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DWS at paras 12–13.

39 In response, the claimants submit that the Overwithdrawn Sums are not trust
property and therefore form part of EAM’s assets that would be subject to the
relevant avoidance provisions in the CLPA and the IRDA. With regard to the
Quistclose trust argument, the claimants submit that such a trust did not
arise because: (a) the LOAs did not oblige EAM to apply the moneys to a
specific purpose; and (b) there was no common intention between EAM and its
investors that the moneys would be segregated from EAM’s general fund. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions dated 12 May 2023 (“CWS”) at paras
2.1.1–2.1.14.

With regard to the institutional constructive trust argument, the claimants
submit that such a trust also did not arise, because it requires the fraudster
to commit a fraud by relying on the informality of a transaction to deny the
claimant’s beneficial interest in the property, which did not occur in the
present application. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

CWS at para 2.2.3.

40 The claimants further submit that even if the Overwithdrawn Sums are trust
property, the court should order the disgorgement of the Overwithdrawn Sums.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

CWS at paras 2.3.1–2.3.7.

41 Mr Teo submits that both a Quistclose trust and an institutional
constructive trust did not arise in the present application. A Quistclose
trust did not arise because the LOAs merely entitled the defendant to
“receiv[e] the benefit of a counter-obligation to pay an amount quantified by
reference to the supposed Nickel appreciation”. This meant that the defendant
was merely a contract debtor, and not the beneficiary of a Quistclose trust
for which EAM was the trustee. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Young Independent Counsel’s Written Submissions dated 11 August 2023 (“YICWS”)
at para 23.

Also, an institutional constructive trust did not arise because, as a matter
of law, it is insufficient that there be property transferred in circumstances
involving fraud. Instead, what is required for an institutional constructive
trust to arise is “fraudulent taking”, ie, fraud involving the outright taking
of a person’s property. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

YICWS at paras 51–53.

My decision: the Overwithdrawn Sums are not subject to a Quistclose trust

(1) The applicable law

42 The parties accept that the Quistclose trust is part of Singapore law (see
generally Alvin See, Yip Man and Goh Yihan, Property and Trust Law in
Singapore (Kluwer Law International, 2018) (“Trust Law in Singapore”) at para
1098 and Alvin W-L See, “The Quistclose Trust in Singapore” (2014) 20 T&T
362). Indeed, in the High Court decision of Pacific Rim Palm Oil Ltd v PT
Asiatic Persada and others [2003] 4 SLR(R) 731 (“Pacific Rim”) (at [16]),
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (as she then was) described the doctrine as follows:

… [W]here money is advanced by A to B, with the mutual intention that it
should be used exclusively for a specific purpose, there will be implied (in
the absence of any contrary intention) a stipulation that if the purpose fails
the money will be repaid, and the arrangement will give rise to a relationship
of a fiduciary character, or trust.

43 No discussion of the Quistclose trust will be complete without mentioning
the competing judicial accounts of its juridical nature. Starting with the
eponymous House of Lords decision of Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose
Investments Ltd [1970] AC 567 (at 581–582), Lord Wilberforce suggested there
that where one party (A) lends money to another party (B) for the purpose of
paying a third party (C), a primary trust would arise in favour of C and, if
the purpose or the primary trust should fail, a secondary trust would then
arise in favour of A. However, this dual-trusts analysis has generally been
rejected, especially after Lord Millett’s account of the Quistclose trust as a
resulting trust in the House of Lords decision of Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley and
others [2002] 2 AC 164 (“Twinsectra”), where the learned judge stated as
follows (at [92]):

The central thesis of Dr Chambers’s book is that a resulting trust arises
whenever there is a transfer of property in circumstances in which the
transferor (or more accurately the person at whose expense the property was
provided) did not intend to benefit the recipient. It responds to the absence
of an intention on the part of the transferor to pass the entire beneficial
interest, not to a positive intention to retain it. Insofar as the transfer
does not exhaust the entire beneficial interest, the resulting trust is a
default trust which fills the gap and leaves no room for any part to be in
suspense. An analysis of the Quistclose trust as a resulting trust for the
transferor with a mandate to the transferee to apply the money for the stated
purpose sits comfortably with Dr Chambers’ thesis, and it might be thought
surprising that he does not adopt it.

According to the resulting trust account, the Quistclose trust arises in
response to the absence of the transferor’s intention to benefit the
recipient. The trust thus arises from the outset. Since the beneficiary is the
transferor himself, this account explains the outcome of the Quistclose trust
without offending the beneficiary principle.

44 Indeed, it has been suggested that Lord Wilberforce’s account would not
have been able to fully explain the result in Twinsectra itself, where the
loan was extended to perform the abstract purpose of acquiring properties,
without also taking the major step of abrogating the beneficiary principle
(see Trust Law in Singapore at para 1099).

45 In Singapore, the Quistclose trust has been traditionally characterised as
a resulting trust (see Pacific Rim at [19]), though an express trust account
has also been approved of by the courts (see Christopher Hare and Vincent Ooi,
Singapore Trusts Law (LexisNexis, 2021) at p 484). This is best reflected in
the High Court decision of Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East
Town Council [2015] 4 SLR 474 (“AHPETC (HC)”) (at [108]), where Quentin Loh J
observed that “no Singapore court has, as of yet, definitively pronounced on
this issue”, being the issue of which account of the Quistclose trust is
authoritative. Indeed, Loh J noted (at [111]) that “although Lord Millett
characterised the Quistclose trust as a resulting trust for the transferor
with a mandate to the transferee to apply the money for a stated purpose”,
“there is nothing in principle that prevents the constitution of an express
trust that operates in the same manner as a resulting Quistclose trust”. When
AHPETC (HC) went on appeal, the Court of Appeal in Attorney-General v
Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East Town Council [2016] 1 SLR 915 (at [123])
declined to consider the claim regarding the Quistclose trust and did not
comment on whether the Quistclose trust should be rationalised as an express
trust or a resulting trust. Indeed, in the subsequent High Court decision of
CCM Industrial Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Chan Pui Yee [2016] SGHC 231 (at
[48]), Chua Lee Ming JC (as he then was) recognised both accounts of the
Quistclose trust (though cf the High Court decision of MSP4GE Asia Pte Ltd and
another v MSP Global Pte Ltd and others [2019] 3 SLR 1348 at [110]).

46 More practically, as Loh J set out in AHPETC (HC) (at [114]), there are
four key principles that govern the doctrine of a Quistclose trust under
Singapore law:

(a) Whenever a donor transfers money to a recipient for a specified purpose, a
Quistclose trust may arise. In a Quistclose trust, the donor possesses the
beneficial interest in the money, but this is subject to a power or duty on
the recipient’s part to use the money for the specified purpose. If the
recipient is unwilling or unable to use the money for the specified purpose,
the money is to be returned to the donor. Such a trust may be either express
or resulting.

(b) For a Quistclose trust to arise, the twin certainties of subject matter
and objects must be present. In particular, the purpose must be stated with
sufficient clarity for a court to determine if it is still capable of being
carried out or if the money has been misapplied.

(c) For an express Quistclose trust, the settlor-donor must intend to
constitute the recipient as a trustee, and confer a power or duty on the
recipient-trustee to apply the money exclusively in accordance with the stated
purpose.

(d) For a resulting Quistclose trust to arise, the donor must have a lack of
intention to part with the entire beneficial interest in the transferred
money. The recipient must not have free disposal of the money (Twinsectra at
[73]) and must be under a power or duty to apply the money exclusively in
accordance with the stated purpose (Twinsectra at [74]).

In sum, the key ingredient of a Quistclose trust, whether analysed as an
express trust or a resulting trust, is that a donor “transfers money to a
recipient for a specified purpose”. Although the donor’s state of mind may
result in the characterisation of a Quistclose trust as an express trust or a
resulting trust, that is unlikely to have a practical impact in most cases.

47 In setting out these key principles, I agree with two specific points made
by Mr Teo. First, I agree that the Singapore courts have not definitively
resolved the issue of the degree of evidential rigour that should be applied
when considering whether the ingredients of a Quistclose trust are satisfied.
Thus, in the Appellate Division of the High Court decision of Wei Ho-Hung v
Lyu Jun [2022] 2 SLR 1066 (at [52]), Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD (as she then was)
observed that the courts have not applied a consistent degree of evidential
rigour even with respect to commercial cases. However, as Mr Teo rightly
submits, it is not necessary to determine this issue to resolve the present
application. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

YICWS at para 9.

It suffices for me to state that what amounts to sufficient evidence to give
rise to a Quistclose trust will depend on the facts and circumstances of each
case.

48 Second, I also agree that because the doctrine of a Quistclose trust is not
rooted in inequity or unconscionability, the courts should not apply a lower
standard of evidential rigour in the present application simply because EAM
was operating a Ponzi scheme. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

YICWS at paras 9–10.

Thus, a defrauded investor should not be entitled to a greater degree of
protection through a Quistclose trust. It follows that there ought to be no
difference in establishing the ingredients of a Quistclose trust in the
context of a Ponzi scheme, as with any ordinary, profit-seeking commercial
transaction.

(2) The Overwithdrawn Sums are not subject to a Quistclose trust

49 With these principles in mind, I come to the present application. In my
judgment, the Overwithdrawn Sums are not subject to a Quistclose trust. This
is because the material terms of the LOAs do not show an intention to subject
the funds received by EAM to the requisite exclusivity of purpose, restriction
against free disposal, or segregation, so as to have given rise to a
Quistclose trust.

50 First, I agree with the claimants and Mr Teo that, pursuant to the terms of
the LOAs, the moneys that the defendant invested in EAM were not intended to
be applied for a special designated purpose. In this regard, cll 1.7 and 3 of
the LOAs (see [8] above) contemplated a “buy in” into a specific batch of
Poseidon Nickel that had already been acquired by EAM. Nothing in the LOAs
required EAM to use the principal amount to buy more nickel. Therefore, when
the defendant paid the principal amount, it was entitled only to the benefit
of EAM’s counter-obligation to pay “profits” (hereafter, “fictitious profits”)
based on the appreciation of Poseidon Nickel. Conversely, the LOAs did not
amount to payment of the Investment Amount for a specific purpose, simply
because EAM was never obliged to actually carry out any specific action with
the principal amount.

51 In connection with the above, I disagree with the defendant that cl 2.1 of
the LOAs shows the requisite exclusivity of purpose. Clause 2.1 provided that
the investment amount provided by the investor was subject to “restrictions on
use”, in that EAM may use the amount “solely for investment in LME Nickel
Grade Metal”. In my view, cl 2.1 is much too vague to have constituted the
basis of a specific and exclusive purpose behind the payment. If at all, as Mr
Teo submitted, cl 2.1 was intended to signify a division in EAM’s supposed
investment classes as opposed to creating a specific purpose behind the
payment of the investment amount under the LOAs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

YICWS at para 30.

52 Second, I do not find that EAM and the defendant shared any mutual
intention that the defendant’s moneys would be segregated from EAM’s general
fund. The defendant paid moneys to EAM to buy into EAM’s portfolio and to
acquire the right to be repaid its principal amount and fictitious profits.
The LOAs did not oblige EAM to keep the moneys paid by the defendant separate
from EAM’s general fund.

53 Third, I do not think that the New South Wales Supreme Court decisions of
Re Courtenay House Capital Trading Group Pty Ltd (in liq) [2018] NSWSC 404
(“Re Courtenay 2018”) and Re Courtenay House Capital Trading Group Pty Ltd (in
liq) [2019] NSWSC 1113 (“Re Courtenay 2019”), which the defendant relies on,
are of assistance. In these cases, investors invested in funds managed by a
Ponzi scheme, with their funds purportedly to be used in foreign exchange
trading. In Re Courtenay 2018, the New South Wales Supreme Court held that an
express trust arose by operation of the terms of the investment contracts
signed by the investors, which explicitly described the investment amounts as
being “held in trust”, along with other clauses consistent with segregation of
the investment amounts from the general pool of the company’s assets. The
court therefore held, in the alternative, that the investment amounts were
held on a Quistclose trust as well. This was based on the very same facts that
gave rise to an express trust, in that it was “abundantly clear that the funds
were not intended to become part of the general assets of [the company]” (see
Re Courtenay 2018 at [29]). This case therefore does not assist the defendant,
since in the present application, there was no similar expressed intention for
the investment moneys to be held on trust, nor was there any clause in the
LOAs requiring segregation of the investment moneys.

54 In Re Courtenay 2019, the New South Wales Supreme Court dealt with a
different group of investors whose contracts did not contain the words “held
in trust”. The court found that the absence of such words militated against an
express trust. However, the court concluded that there was a Quistclose trust
because the investment contracts referred to the funds being used by the
company to trade “on behalf of” the investors (see Re Courtenay 2019 at [33]).
The use of those words was sufficient to give rise to an inference that the
parties intended for the company to segregate the invested funds. In the
present case, while there were several clauses in the LOAs that refer to
“investment decisions that [EAM] will make for the [i]nvestor” (see cl 2.4 at
[8] above), I agree with Mr Teo that, on balance, cl 3 should take precedence
over these clauses. In my view, despite other references to EAM making
investment decisions “for the [i]nvestor”, cl 3 makes it clear that the LOAs
were really more akin to agreements to acquire or subscribe to units or
shares, under which the investor obtains a chance of a return on his
investment based on the performance of the issuer. As such, this construction
of the LOAs militates against the finding of a Quistclose trust even in the
presence of “investment management” clauses.

55 Finally, I also do not think that the defendant can rely on the Singapore
International Commercial Court decision of Perry, Tamar and another v
Esculier, Bonnet Servane Michele Thais and another [2022] 4 SLR 243 (“Perry
Tamar (SICC)”) as authority for the general proposition that a Quistclose
and/or constructive trust arises specifically over funds which were paid into
a Ponzi scheme for the benefit of the investors. In my view, Perry Tamar
(SICC) can be easily distinguished because the court there found that the
relationship between the parties was one of trust “on the assumption that …
there was no contractual relationship between [the parties]” (at [139]). It is
clear, therefore, that the court’s finding of a trust was premised on the
absence of a contractual relationship between the parties. In contrast, the
parties in the present application shared a contractual relationship through
the LOAs. The terms of the LOAs do not suggest that EAM held the investors’
moneys on trust and that suffices to dispose of this argument.

56 For all these reasons, I conclude that the Overwithdrawn Sums are not
subject to a Quistclose trust.

57 In closing, I add that, even if I did find that a Quistclose trust arose in
favour of the investors, it was not entirely clear to me how the existence of
such a trust could justify the defendant’s retention of the Overwithdrawn
Sums. If a Quistclose trust did arise, it would have only been over the
defendant’s initial investment. As the claimants point out, the Overwithdrawn
Sums, being in the nature of putative profits on the defendant’s investment,
fall outside the scope of any Quistclose trust which would only cover the
defendant’s principal. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Claimants’ Further Written Submissions dated 7 June 2023 (“CFWS”) at para
2.3.2.

Herein lies another reason why I do not think Re Courtenay 2018 and Re
Courtenay 2019 assist the defendant. In both these cases, the issue was
whether the liquidators of the Ponzi scheme vehicle were entitled to
distribute certain funds only amongst certain investors on the basis that
these funds were held on trust for these specified investors. The situation in
the Re Courtenay cases was thus markedly different from the submission that
the defendant has made in the present application. The courts in Re Courtenay
2018 and Re Courtenay 2019, in finding that a trust had arisen, said nothing
about an individual investor’s ability to retain moneys that had been paid to
him out of other investors’ moneys. Rather, all that was said was that the
moneys held on trust for one group of investors should not be distributed to
investors outside that specified group. Put differently, the courts in the Re
Courtenay cases only pronounced on the entitlements as between beneficiaries
to a trust on the one hand and strangers to the trust on the other; they did
not descend into the different issue of the entitlements of the trust
beneficiaries inter se.

58 Further, another difficulty that arises is the fact that, on the
defendant’s own case, similar Quistclose trusts would have arisen in favour of
every investor that advanced moneys to EAM. The Overwithdrawn Sums would
therefore constitute moneys beneficially owned by other investors under
individual Quistclose trusts. In this regard, Mr Teo calls into question
whether the defendant, as a stranger to these Quistclose trusts in favour of
the other investors, has the standing to assert the existence of such trusts.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

YICWS at para 45(d).

I do not propose to resolve that question. However, I do say that, taking a
step back, the defendant’s argument is essentially that, while the
Overwithdrawn Sums are beneficially owned by neither EAM nor the defendant,
the defendant should nevertheless be allowed to retain them simply because EAM
is itself not beneficially entitled. Subject to more detailed arguments, that
does not seem to be a particularly strong argument.

My decision: the Overwithdrawn Sums are not subject to an institutional
constructive trust

(1) The applicable law

59 Because the defendant has referred to an “institutional constructive
trust”, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DWS at para 12.

it is helpful to begin with the distinction between an institutional
constructive trust and a remedial constructive trust. The distinction was
helpfully set out by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in the seminal House of Lords
decision of Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough
Council [1996] AC 669 (“Westdeutsche”) (at 714–715):

Under an institutional constructive trust, the trust arises by operation of
law as from the date of the circumstances which give rise to it: the function
of the court is merely to declare that such trust has arisen in the past. The
consequences that flow from such trust having arisen (including the possibly
unfair consequences to third parties who in the interim have received the
trust property) are also determined by rules of law, not under a discretion. A
remedial constructive trust, as I understand it, is different. It is a
judicial remedy giving rise to an enforceable equitable obligation: the extent
to which it operates retrospectively to the prejudice of third parties lies in
the discretion of the court.

With that being said, the English courts do not recognise the remedial
constructive trust, because of their “avers[ion] to the discretionary
adjustment of property rights” (see the UK Supreme Court decision of Angove’s
Pty Ltd v Bailey and another [2016] 1 WLR 3179 at [27]).

60 On the other hand, the Singapore courts have been receptive to the remedial
constructive trust. In the Court of Appeal decision of Ching Mun Fong
(executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit [2001] 1
SLR(R) 856 (at [36]), the court held that, assuming the remedial constructive
trust applies in Singapore, no such trust arose on the facts of the case.
Implied in this reasoning is that the court was clearly open to the
possibility of the remedial constructive trust applying in Singapore.
Similarly, the Court of Appeal in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve
(sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3
SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”) (at [169]–[185]) discussed the availability of the
remedial constructive trust as a remedy for a claim in unjust enrichment,
without expressly rejecting the applicability of the doctrine in Singapore.

61 With that being said, while the doctrinal distinction between the two types
of trusts is clear, how that line is to be drawn in practice is less clear.
Several problems emerge in this regard, including whether new categories of
constructive trusts may be recognised solely through the remedial constructive
trust framework (see generally, Tang Hang Wu, “The Constructive Trust in
Singapore: Five Persistent Puzzles” (2012) 22 SAcLJ 136). For present
purposes, it is important to note that an institutional constructive trust
only arises in certain species of fraud, and not in any case where property is
transferred in circumstances involving fraud. Thus, the High Court in National
Bank of Oman SAOG Dubai Branch v Bikash Dhamala and others [2021] 3 SLR 943
(at [52]) has observed that:

… Although Low Heng Leon Andy [Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence
(administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2011] SGHC 184] refers
to “fraud” as one of the facts that can found an ICT, this does not refer to
fraud simpliciter, but to cases where the “defendant fraudulently relies on
the informality of a transaction to deny the beneficial interest of the
claimant” (see Snell’s Equity (John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed,
2014) at para 26-011). …

[emphasis in original]

62 The learned authors of Snell’s Equity (John McGhee and Steven Elliott QC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed, 2020) (“Snell’s Equity”) explain further
that Westdeutsche is authority for the principle that an institutional
constructive trust would only be imposed in circumstances of “fraudulent
taking”, which relates to fraud involving the outright taking of a person’s
property. This stands in contrast to cases involving a “fraudulently induced
transfer” (see Snell’s Equity at paras 26-012–26-014).

(2) The Overwithdrawn Sums are not subject to an institutional constructive
trust

63 In the present application, it is clear that the moneys paid by the
defendant under the LOAs do not amount to “fraudulent taking” so as to give
rise to an institutional constructive trust on the basis of Westdeutsche. This
is because the defendant voluntarily handed over the principal sum to EAM
pursuant to the LOAs. It likewise cannot be said that the moneys were received
by EAM in circumstances where it relied on the informality of the transaction
to deny the beneficial interest of the defendant who paid it in. Therefore,
the Overwithdrawn Sums are not subject to an institutional constructive trust.

Whether the claimants have fundamentally erred in their choice of avoidance
provisions

The parties’ positions

64 As a final preliminary issue, the defendant argues that the claimants’
reliance on s 224 of the IRDA “vexes the policy underpinnings of this
section”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at para 21.

For reasons that I will explain below, I consider that this argument could, in
principle, have been raised in relation to the claimants’ action under s 73B
of the CLPA due to a conceptual affinity between s 224 of the IRDA and s 73B
of the CLPA. I thus deal with this objection both as against s 224 of the IRDA
(as the defendant has framed it) as well as against s 73B of the CLPA.

65 As I see it, the defendant’s objection is based on a conceptual distinction
between two types of avoidance provisions. The “crucial distinction” lies in
the differing “policy objectives” that each category of avoidance provisions
serves. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS at para 23.

The first category targets transactions that have the effect of causing a
diminution in EAM’s assets. The second category targets transactions that
confer an unfair or improper advantage on the defendant (without necessarily
causing a diminution in EAM’s assets). According to the defendant, s 224(1) of
the IRDA properly falls within the first category. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS at para 22.

Drawing upon this, the defendant argues that the claimants have erred in law
by invoking s 224(1) of the IRDA to achieve the purpose of the second
category: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DWS at para 23.

… the manner in which the [claimants] have fashioned their claim shows that
the real issue which they are pursuing here is an uneven distribution of
assets, and not that there has been a dissipation/diminution of assets. Only
the latter can be caught by Section 224 of the IRDA.

[emphasis in original]

66 At this juncture, I reiterate that the defendant could have raised this
same objection in respect of the claim under s 73B of the CLPA. This is
because, although the elements of s 73B of the CLPA differ from those of s
224(1) of the IRDA, the former is a provision that would properly fall within
the first category of avoidance provision. I draw this conclusion from the
Report of the Insolvency Law Review Committee 2013, where it was observed that
the “underlying policy rationale” of s 73B of the CLPA was “the preservation
of the net asset value of the company for distribution amongst its creditors”
(see Singapore, Ministry of Law, Report of the Insolvency Law Review
Committee: Final Report (2013) (Chairperson: Lee Eng Beng SC) (the “Report”)
at p 185). To use the distinction drawn by the defendant, this statement in
the Report makes clear that s 73B of the CLPA, similar to s 224(1) of the
IRDA, redresses diminution of assets rather than uneven distribution of
assets. Thus, if the defendant is correct on its objection vis-à-vis the
claimants’ reliance on s 224(1) of the IRDA, it would necessarily follow that
the claimants’ invocation of s 73B of the CLPA must also fail on the same
basis.

67 On the other hand, the claimants argue that they have properly invoked s
224(1) of the IRDA (and, for the reason I have just explained, s 73B of the
CLPA as well). In sum, the claimants’ submission is that the defendant’s
objection would only succeed if the claimants were seeking to claw back not
only the Overwithdrawn Sums, but also repayments of the defendant’s initial
investment. Since the claimants have limited their claim to the Overwithdrawn
Sums, they are seeking to redress a diminution in EAM’s assets rather than an
unfair distribution of EAM’s assets to EAM’s creditors (which include the
defendant). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

CFWS at paras 5.1.1–5.1.6.

Put simply, the claimants have framed their claim to precisely come outside
the scope of the defendant’s objection.

My decision: the claimants have not fundamentally erred in their choice of
avoidance provisions

(1) The applicable law

68 At the outset, I agree with the defendant that the clawback provisions can,
as a general matter, be grouped into two categories. The defendant is also
correct in its identification of the purpose of each category. However, given
the centrality of the distinction between these two categories to the
defendant’s submission (as well as the difficulty that it has historically
posed), I find it apposite to start by explaining this distinction in greater
detail.

69 In this regard, a useful starting point is the leading treatise, Goode on
Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law (Kristin van Zwieten gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2018), where the relevant distinction is elucidated in the
following terms (at para 13-03):

All but two of the grounds of avoidance known to insolvency law involve the
unjust enrichment of a particular party at the expense of the other creditors
… Once this crucial point is grasped, much of the legislative structure falls
into place. The unjust enrichment may affect other creditors in one or two
ways. It may reduce the company’s net asset value, as where it involves a
transfer of the insolvent company’s property to another party, otherwise than
as a creditor, at a wholly inadequate price or a purchase of property by the
company at an inflated price; or it may, without disturbing the company’s net
asset position, involve payment or transfer to a particular creditor in
satisfaction or reduction of his debt, with the result that the creditor is
put in a better position than if the company had immediately entered
insolvency proceedings without the payment or transfer having been made, and
the ordinary distributional rules (including, in the case of non-preferential
unsecured creditors, the statutory provisions for rateable or pro rata
distribution) applied. The avoidance provisions may thus be seen as necessary
both to preserve the company’s net asset value and to ensure equality of
distribution, at least among classes of creditors.

70 This conceptual distinction between the two categories of avoidance
provisions lay at the heart of the Court of Appeal decision in Rothstar Group
Ltd v Leow Quek Shiong and other appeals [2022] 2 SLR 158 (“Rothstar”). The
issue in Rothstar was whether a grant of security by a debtor in respect of
its existing debt could constitute a transaction at an undervalue under s
98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “BA”), which is in pari
materia to s 224 of the IRDA (see Rothstar at [23]). The Court of Appeal
answered in the negative. In support of this conclusion, Steven Chong JCA
focused on the fact that such a transaction had no effect on the debtor’s net
asset position. As a result, such a transaction was properly within the
purview of the second category of avoidance provisions (addressing unfair
preferences) rather than the first category (on undervalue transactions) (see
Rothstar at [39]–[40]).

71 The position in relation to a grant of security in respect of a third
party’s existing debt provides a useful contrast. In this situation, the Court
of Appeal had little difficulty in finding that such a transaction could be
impugned as an undervalue transaction, as Chong JCA explained in the following
terms (see Rothstar at [43]):

… [The position where security is granted in respect of the grantor’s own
existing debt] cannot be applied as a blanket rule to all grants of security
for existing debts. In particular, it clearly does not apply where the
relevant security is granted in respect of a third party’s existing debt. In
those circumstances, it is clear that the grant of security would reduce the
net assets of the grantor as it would impose a new liability which the grantor
did not previously have. …

[emphasis in original]

72 At this point, I can summarise the import of Rothstar as follows:

(a) A grant of security in respect of the grantor’s own existing debt is a
transaction with no effect on the company’s net asset position because the
decrease (by the grant of security) in the company’s available assets for
distribution to its unsecured creditors would be correspondingly matched by a
decrease in its unsecured liabilities on the other side of the balance sheet.
The advantage received by the creditor, who is the beneficiary of the grant of
security, may be disgorged through the provisions addressing the reversal of
unfair preferences (eg, s 225 of the IRDA), subject to the elements of the
relevant provision being established.

(b) A grant of security in respect of a third party’s existing debt is a
transaction that does adversely affect the company’s net asset position
because the decrease (by the grant of security) in the company’s available
assets for distribution to its unsecured creditors would not be
correspondingly matched by a decrease in its unsecured liabilities on the
other side of the balance sheet. The disadvantage engendered on the company’s
unsecured creditors through the reduction of the assets available to satisfy
their claims may be reversed through the provisions redressing undervalue
transactions (eg, s 224 of the IRDA and s 73B of the CLPA), also subject, of
course, to the requirements under the relevant provision(s) being established.

73 To put the point across more directly, to the extent that the company can
be said to be applying assets towards the discharge of its own existing debt
or other liability, such a transaction would not amount to an undervalue
transaction but a potential preference.

74 For the avoidance of doubt, I have used a grant of security by an insolvent
company in the illustration above simply because that was the relevant
transaction on the facts of Rothstar. The same analysis would apply, mutatis
mutandis, to any transaction that involves the expenditure of the company’s
assets. This would include a payment of money by EAM to the defendant, as in
the present case.

75 The question that arises is, of course, how this distinction bears out in
the present context of a Ponzi scheme. If the claimants can establish that the
payments of the Overwithdrawn Sums cannot be properly characterised as debt
repayments or going towards the discharge of liabilities owed by EAM to the
defendant, it would follow from the discussion above that their reliance on s
224(1) of the IRDA and s 73B of the CLPA (being provisions that reverse
transactions causing a deterioration of the company’s net asset position) is
not misplaced.

(2) The claimants have not erred in relying on s 224(1) of the IRDA and s 73B
of the CLPA

76 Although it was not cited to me by both parties, the UK Supreme Court
decision of Stanford International Bank Ltd (in liquidation) v HSBC Bank plc
[2023] AC 761 (“SIB v HSBC”) would seem, at first blush, to suggest that
payments out of a Ponzi scheme are in the nature of debt repayments such that
they ought to be challenged as preferences rather than undervalue transactions
(see generally Chua Rui Yuan, “The Aftermath of a Ponzi Scheme” [2023] LMCLQ
218).

77 SIB v HSBC arose out of an infamous Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Robert
Allen Stanford. The liquidators of Stanford International Bank (“SIB”), the
vehicle that had been used to perpetrate the fraud, brought an action against
SIB’s bank, HSBC. SIB alleged that, in failing to freeze SIB’s bank accounts
by a certain time and continuing to execute payment instructions that had been
issued to it, HSBC was in breach of its Quincecare duty of care (named after
the English High Court decision in Barclays Bank plc v Quincecare Ltd [1992] 4
All ER 363). The matter came before the UK Supreme Court in an appeal arising
from HSBC’s application to strike out SIB’s claim. HSBC’s argument was that,
even if liability for breach of duty were assumed in favour of SIB, SIB’s
claim would fail in any event as it had suffered no loss because the payments
executed by HSBC went towards the discharge of SIB’s liabilities to its
creditors. Given that the question of breach was assumed for the purposes of
HSBC’s striking-out application, I do not understand the UK Supreme Court’s
subsequent decision in Philipp v Barclays Bank UK plc [2023] 3 WLR 284
(“Philipp”), where it undertook a root and branch re-examination of the
juridical basis of the Quincecare duty, to have the effect of casting any
doubt on its decision on the narrowly-framed issue in SIB v HSBC (see SIB v
HSBC at [4]; Philipp at [52]).

78 Returning to SIB v HSBC, the UK Supreme Court (by a majority of four to
one), accepted HSBC’s submission that SIB had suffered no loss. The concurring
judgment of Lord Leggatt JSC is particularly relevant to the issues that have
arisen in the present application. First, Lord Leggatt summarised HSBC’s
submission in the following terms (at [38]):

HSBC has applied to strike out this claim. Its short point is that, even if
SIB were to succeed at a trial in establishing that HSBC owed such a duty to
SIB of which HSBC was in breach, SIB cannot show that the breach caused SIB to
suffer any loss. It is agreed that, although SIB did not enter into
liquidation until 15 April 2009, at the time when the disputed payments were
made the company was heavily insolvent on a balance sheet basis, as its
liabilities vastly exceeded its assets. But the payments did not increase
SIB’s liabilities any further and thereby make its net asset position any
worse. This is because SIB owed the money paid to the investors who received
it. The payments of £116m out of SIB’s accounts therefore reduced SIB’s
liabilities by an equal amount and left its net asset position unchanged.

The learned judge considered “the logic of this argument as unassailable”, as
“[t]here is no way of escaping the simple truth that paying a valid debt does
not reduce the payer’s wealth” (at [40]).

79 More interestingly, however, is how Lord Leggatt linked this to the
avoidance provisions. In particular, the learned judge recognised the
distinction between the two categories of avoidance provisions that the
defendant has sought the protection of in the present application (at [48]):

… insolvency laws typically enable some transactions entered into before the
commencement of winding up which have reduced the assets available to
distribute in the liquidation to be reversed. Such provisions are of two broad
kinds. One kind is aimed at transactions which have reduced the company’s net
assets during a specified period prior to the commencement of winding-up – for
example, by giving away an asset or selling it for significantly less than it
was worth. The other kind of provision is aimed at wrongful preferences: that
is, transactions which, although they have not affected the company’s net
asset position, have unjustly enriched a particular creditor by putting that
creditor in a better position than it would have been if the company had
already gone into liquidation. …

80 Lord Leggatt went on to hold that, if the payments made by SIB were to be
challenged under an avoidance provision, it would have been properly through a
provision dealing with unfair preferences rather than undervalue transactions
(at [49]):

The disputed payments made out of SIB’s accounts with HSBC were not
transactions at an undervalue, as they reduced the company’s liabilities by an
equal amount and therefore had no effect on its net asset position. Any
attempt by the liquidators to reverse the transactions under insolvency law
had therefore to be based on a contention that the payments were unlawful
preferences.

Nevertheless, this was not possible on the facts because the applicable
statutory insolvency regime – namely, Antiguan insolvency law – did not
contain provisions allowing for the unwinding of unfair preferences (at [51]).
This thus explains the way that SIB had framed its claim in SIB v HSBC: being
unable to pursue restitution from the payees (ie, the creditors), SIB instead
sought compensation from its bank for its part in making out these payments.

81 On first impression, Lord Leggatt’s reasoning would appear to support a
general proposition that payments out of a Ponzi scheme vehicle (as EAM was)
cannot be challenged as undervalue transactions, thereby supporting the
defendant’s argument that the claimants’ reliance on s 224(1) of the IRDA and
s 73B of the CLPA is misplaced. However, on closer inspection, I do not think
that SIB v HSBC lays down any such general proposition. Ultimately, in my
view, the characterisation of payments out of a Ponzi scheme must be
considered on the specific facts of each case.

82 In my judgment, Lord Leggatt’s reasoning in SIB v HSBC, which I have set
out above, is distinguishable and does not apply to the present case. Lord
Leggatt’s reasoning, and the UK Supreme Court’s decision generally, was
premised on the court’s characterisation of the payments by SIB being
repayments of SIB’s debts. That being the case, in line with what the Court of
Appeal decided in Rothstar, it is correct that they could not be impugned as
undervalue transactions due to there being no change in the SIB’s net asset
position. It follows that, if the payments of the Overwithdrawn Sums cannot
similarly be characterised as payments of debts owed by EAM to the defendant,
then the present application is distinguishable from the situation in SIB v
HSBC.

83 I find that the present application is so distinguishable. For reasons
which I will explain later, I find that the Overwithdrawn Sums cannot be
characterised as debts owed by EAM to the defendant because, under the terms
of the LOAs, EAM never became obliged to pay profits on the value of the
Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant. This is because, as I will explain in
detail below, under the terms of the LOAs, EAM would only have been liable to
pay profits on the defendant’s investment if Poseidon Nickel purchased by EAM
appreciated in value. Since EAM did not, in fact, invest in any Poseidon
Nickel, there would never have been any appreciation in value of Poseidon
Nickel owned by EAM so that EAM would come under a liability, or incur a debt,
to pay profits of the value of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant. Since
the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant did not go to the
discharge of any liabilities owed by EAM to the defendant, they fall outside
the realm of unfair preference.

84 I therefore accept the claimants’ argument that, having limited their claim
to only the Overwithdrawn Sums, they have taken themselves outside the scope
of the defendant’s objection.

Whether the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid to the defendant with the intent to
defraud creditors of EAM within the meaning of s 73B of the CLPA

85 Having resolved the three preliminary issues above in favour of the
claimants, I turn to deal with the substance of the present application,
starting with arguments in relation to the CLPA.

The continued applicability of s 73B of the CLPA

86 I begin with s 73B of the CLPA, which provides as follows:

Voluntary conveyances to defraud creditors voidable.

73B.—(1) Except as provided in this section, every conveyance of property,
made whether before or after 12th November 1993, with intent to defraud
creditors, shall be voidable, at the instance of any person thereby
prejudiced.

(2) This section does not affect the law relating to bankruptcy for the time
being in force.

(3) This section does not extend to any estate or interest in property
disposed of for valuable consideration and in good faith or upon good
consideration and in good faith to any person not having, at the time of the
disposition, notice of the intent to defraud creditors.

87 Although s 73B of the CLPA was repealed on 30 July 2020, reg 15 of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Saving and Transitional Provisions)
Regulations 2020 provides that s 73B of the CLPA continues to apply to any
conveyance of property before 30 July 2020. Further, although s 73B was
repealed before the claimants commenced the present application, they can
nevertheless rely on s 73B because the provision was in force when the cause
of action accrued (see the Court of Appeal decision of Quah Kay Tee v Ong and
Co Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 (“Quah Kay Tee”) at [10]). Therefore, because
the latest transaction between EAM and the defendant occurred in February
2020, s 73B applies in the present application.

88 I should note that, following the entry into force of the IRDA on 30 July
2020, s 73B of the CLPA appears in a different form in s 438 and s 439 of the
IRDA. The latter sections do not apply in the present application because no
relevant transaction in relation to the Overwithdrawn Sums occurred after 30
July 2020.

The parties’ positions

89 The claimants’ position under s 73B of the CLPA is as follows. Because the
Overwithdrawn Sums were payments of fictitious profits under a Ponzi scheme,
they must have been made with the intent to defraud creditors and ought to be
set aside under s 73B of the CLPA. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

CWS at para 5.2.1.

In particular, the claimants say that there would also have been an intent to
defraud other investors because the Envy Companies and their controllers
(especially NYZ) must have known that there was no meaningful business.
Therefore, any payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant would be at
the expense of all remaining investors who had not recovered their principal
sums. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

CWS at paras 5.2.2–5.2.3.

The claimants thus submit that all of the Overwithdrawn Sums paid to the
defendant are liable to be clawed back pursuant to s 73B of the CLPA. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CWS at para 5.2.6.

90 In response, the defendant in its submissions raises four points. First,
the defendant contends that, having regard to the historical purpose of s 73B
of the CLPA, it is inappropriate for the claimants to rely on it in the
present application. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DWS at paras 69–71.

Second, assuming that the claimants can rely on s 73B of the CLPA, the
Overwithdrawn Sums, being trust property, were never property that “would
otherwise be applicable for the benefit of the creditors”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DWS at para 74.1.

Third, the defendant submits that even if the Overwithdrawn Sums do not
constitute trust property, the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums was not made
with an intent to “hinder, delay or defraud” creditors, nor with the intent to
deprive creditors of timely recourse to property otherwise applicable for
their benefit. The defendant further submits that EAM’s real intention in
making payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums was to keep the Ponzi scheme alive,
which is supported by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit decision
of In re Bernard L Madoff Investment Securities LLC 12 F 4th 171 (2nd Cir,
2021) (“Bernard”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DWS at para 74.2.

Fourth, the defendant says that it comes completely within the defence under s
73B(3) of the CLPA because it has, in particular, provided good consideration
to EAM pursuant to the LOAs. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DWS at paras 77–80.

91 With regard to the issue of whether valuable consideration may be provided
in a Ponzi scheme, Mr Teo submits that there is no general proposition that no
valuable consideration may be given in Ponzi schemes. Although it may
generally be the case that no valuable consideration is given for the payment
of fictitious profits in Ponzi schemes, this is an outcome derived from
applying principles of contract law. In the present application, the defendant
did not provide valuable consideration for the Overwithdrawn Sums it received
from EAM. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

YICWS at paras 160–161.

My decision: the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid to the defendant with the intent
to defraud creditors of EAM within the meaning of s 73B of the CLPA

The broadly applicable law

92 Under s 73B of the CLPA, a voluntary conveyance that was entered into with
the intention of defrauding creditors can be set aside. The relevant
principles are as follows:

(a) The claimant bears the burden of proving that: (i) there had been a
conveyance of property; (ii) that this conveyance was made with the intent of
defrauding creditors; and (iii) that he was a person who was prejudiced by the
foregoing conveyance of property. The defendant can defeat the claim by
establishing that: (i) he acquired the property for valuable consideration and
in good faith or for good consideration and in good faith; and (ii) he did not
have notice of the claimant’s intent to defraud his creditors (see the High
Court decision of Wong Ser Wan v Ng Bok Eng Holdings Pte Ltd and another
[2004] 4 SLR(R) 365 (“Wong Ser Wan”) at [5] and [27]).

(b) The intent to defraud creditors may be evidenced by actual fraud or
constructive fraud. For constructive fraud, if a person conveys property to
his creditors for no consideration or for nominal consideration and that
person is then insolvent or becomes insolvent by reason of the conveyance, a
fraudulent intent would be “irrebuttably imputed to that person, even if he
did not subjectively intend to defraud his creditors” (see the High Court
decision of Sim Guan Seng and others v One Organisation Ltd and others [2023]
3 SLR 590 (“Sim Guan Seng”) at [150]).

(c) For the issue of good faith in the defence in s 73B(3), the transferee
must possess more than merely “a belief that all the steps have been regularly
and properly done”. Instead, “the transferee must have no reason to believe
that there is anything dubious about the transaction” (see Wong Ser Wan at
[58]).

The specific meaning of “good consideration” and “valuable consideration”
under s 73B(3)

93 At this point, given the centrality of the defence under s 73B(3) to the
present application, I pause to make some observations on its scope. I focus
specifically on the requirement that the defendant provide “good
consideration” or “valuable consideration”.

94 The appropriate starting point is, of course, the plain wording of the
statute. In this regard, s 73B(3) of the CLPA excludes dispositions of
property made by a person with intent to defraud his creditors where such
disposition is “for valuable consideration and in good faith or upon good
consideration and in good faith” (along with another requirement of the
defendant not having notice of the transferor’s fraudulent intent). In my
view, the natural reading of this phrase is that it sets out two distinct ways
through which a defendant can satisfy the requirement of providing
consideration for the disposition: (a) valuable consideration and in good
faith; and (b) good consideration and in good faith. This is for two reasons.
The first is that the word “or” suggests, on its face, a disjunctive
interpretation. The second is the canon of construction that Parliament shuns
tautology and does not legislate in vain, and that a court should therefore
endeavour to give significance to every word in an enactment (see the Court of
Appeal decision in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at
[38]). I find that this principle operates more than once in the context of s
73B(3) of the CLPA. Indeed, the fact that Parliament has used both “valuable”
and “good” separately indicates that the two should not be read as mere
synonyms of each other. Further, the fact that “and in good faith” is
repeated, being appended at the end of “valuable consideration” and “good
consideration” each, suggests that the draftsman’s intention is for “valuable
consideration and in good faith” to be one composite and “good consideration
and in good faith” to be read as another composite.

95 What then is the significance of there being two disjunctive limbs to the
consideration requirement in s 73B(3) of the CLPA? In my view, the
significance is that the requirement of “good consideration” does not require
an inquiry into the value of the consideration provided by the defendant, such
that nominal consideration could suffice to satisfy that requirement. This is
because “valuable consideration”, on its face, requires that the consideration
provided by the defendant be of adequate value; and, as discussed above, the
requirement of “valuable consideration” cannot carry the same meaning as the
requirement of “good consideration”. Thus, the defendant may either provide
“valuable consideration”, in the sense that it is of adequate value, or “good
consideration”, which extends to include nominal consideration. Put
differently, “consideration” in s 73B(3) of the CLPA carries the same meaning
as under contract law.

96 This interpretation is supported by three reasons. First, by way of
analogy, the Court of Appeal in Rothstar held that “consideration” in the
context of s 98(3) of the BA “would appear to have the normal meaning ascribed
to it by the law of contract” (at [24]). I do not see why the same cannot be
said in relation to s 73B(3) of the CLPA. Although it is located in a
different statute, I have noted above at [66] that s 73B(3) of the CLPA and s
98(3) of the BA (which is in pari materia to s 224(1) of the IRDA) serve a
common purpose of preventing a deterioration in a debtor’s net asset position.
It therefore makes sense that “consideration” in s 73B(3) of the CLPA would
carry the same meaning as in s 98(3) of the BA.

97 Second, I find that this interpretation of “consideration” is consistent
with the structure of s 73B. As mentioned above, the requirement of an intent
to defraud under s 73B(1) of the CLPA can be satisfied by proof of an actual
intent to defraud or a presumed intent to defraud pursuant to the constructive
fraud doctrine. Since the content of the presumption relates only to the
transferor’s intent to defraud his creditors, it only relates to the cause of
action under s 73B(1) and does not bear on the defence under s 73B(3). As
such, where a cause of action under s 73B(1) is established by way of the
constructive fraud presumption, it ought to remain possible for the defendant
to avail himself of the defence under s 73B(3). An interpretation of s 73B(3)
that excludes nominal consideration means that a defendant who has had the
constructive fraud presumption successfully invoked against him would
automatically be disqualified from the defence under s 73B(3) (because, as one
would recall, one requirement for the presumption of constructive fraud to
operate is that the conveyance be performed for nominal or no consideration).

98 Further, still on structure, I consider that to exclude nominal
consideration from the scope of s 73B(3) would lead to an odd result.
Specifically, it would mean that where an intent to defraud on the part of the
transferor is actually proven, the claim could nevertheless be defeated by the
defence under s 73B(3) of the CLPA. However, if an intent to defraud was not
proved but merely presumed through the constructive fraud doctrine, no defence
would be available. In my view, it does not make sense for a person who relies
on a presumed intent to defraud to be at an advantage – in foreclosing the
availability of a defence – relative to another who relies on a proven intent
to defraud. If there were to be any difference, one would have thought the
exact converse to be true.

99 Third, the legislative history of s 73B of the CLPA also tends to support
my interpretation. As the Court of Appeal noted in Quah Kay Tee, s 73B of the
CLPA is a descendant of the Statute of 13 Elizabethan 1571 (c 5) (the
“Elizabethan Statute”). On a comparison between s 73B of the CLPA and the
Elizabethan Statute, one finds that the Elizabethan Statute only contained a
reference to “good consideration” and not “valuable consideration” (see also,
Tan Yock Lin, “Fraud on Creditors” [2012] Sing JLS 134 at 138, where the late
learned Professor Tan made the same observation). Although the Report of the
Review Committee on Insolvency Law and Practice (Cmnd 8556, 1982) – which led
to the current Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (the “UK Insolvency Act”) –
observed that “it is difficult in the context to give any logical meaning to
‘good’, as distinguished from ‘valuable’, consideration” (at para 1215), I
consider the fact that valuable consideration was added in s 73B of the CLPA
to lend credence to my interpretation that “valuable consideration” must carry
a meaning distinct from “good consideration”, and more generally, that
“valuable consideration and in good faith” and “good consideration and in good
faith” are intended to be disjunctive limbs.

100 Finally, I am aware of the possibility that my interpretation of s 73B(3)
as including nominal consideration may conflict with earlier decisions which
have apparently disallowed the defence due to a perceived inadequacy of the
consideration provided by the defendant. For example, in Wong Ser Wan, the
High Court in finding that the defendant could not rely on the defence in s
73B(3) of the CLPA noted that the consideration that had been provided for a
property “was clearly inadequate”, while the consideration provided for shares
“was an arbitrary figure chosen without regard to value at all” as “no attempt
was made to ascertain their correct value” (at [62]).

101 I would observe, however, that my interpretation of the scope of
permissible consideration under s 73B(3) is not inconsistent with Wong Ser
Wan. This is because Judith Prakash J (as she then was) stated that the
defence failed because the defendants “ha[d] not been able to establish the
elements of good faith and ignorance of the nefarious intention of … the
transferor” (at [62]). This suggests that Prakash J considered the inadequacy
of consideration for the property not as a failure to satisfy the requirement
of “valuable consideration” or “good consideration”, but bearing on the other
requirements of the defence under s 73B(3) (namely, good faith and lack of
notice of the transferor’s intent to defraud his creditors). This would
therefore be consistent with my interpretation that nominal consideration does
not per se disallow a defendant from relying on the defence. Indeed, I
respectfully agree with Prakash J that inadequate consideration does bear on
the other elements: as a matter of logic, the lower the consideration provided
by the defendant, the more convincing it would take for a court to believe
that he had acted in good faith or had no notice of the transferor’s improper
intention.

102 On the other hand, a case which might not be reconcilable with my
interpretation is the High Court decision in Wang Xiaopu v Koh Mui Lee and
others [2023] 5 SLR 717 (“Wang Xiaopu”). Here, the court specifically stated
that an inquiry into whether the property had been sold at an undervalue
“would shed light on whether [the defendant] had provided good or valuable
consideration for the property” (at [175]). Thus, unlike Wong Ser Wan where
the court viewed the inadequacy of consideration through the lenses of good
faith and/or notice of the transferor’s fraudulent intent, the court in Wang
Xiaopu seems to have taken the view that the inadequacy of the consideration
provided by the defendant would lead to a denial of the defence under s 73B(3)
based on a failure to meet the requirement of “valuable consideration” or
“good consideration”.

103 To the extent that the court in Wang Xiaopu may have assumed – because, in
fairness, the issue was not actually raised or given express consideration –
that nominal or inadequate consideration would lead to a per se denial of the
s 73B(3) defence, I would respectfully disagree. For all the reasons above, in
particular, that this is the import of the plain wording of s 73B(3) of the
CLPA, I hold that “valuable consideration” or “good consideration” are
distinct requirements and that the latter includes nominal consideration.
However, for the avoidance of doubt, s 73B(3) of the CLPA does not go so far
as to provide a defence to a defendant who has provided no consideration at
all.

The relevant issues

104 Having considered the applicable law and the parties’ submissions, there
are several issues I need to deal with in relation to the application of s 73B
of the CLPA to the present application:

(a) First, whether the claimants’ reliance on s 73B of the CLPA is appropriate
having regard to the provision’s historical purpose.

(b) Second, whether the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums falls within the
definition of “conveyance” as set out in s 2 of the CLPA.

(c) Third, whether the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid with the intent of
defrauding creditors.

(d) Fourth, whether the defendant provided valuable consideration to come
within the defence in s 73B(3) of the CLPA.

It will be seen that the last issue requires more consideration.

The claimants’ reliance on s 73B of the CLPA is appropriate having regard to
the provision’s purpose

105 First, I reject the defendant’s argument that s 73B of the CLPA applies
only when: (i) the fraudulent transfer frustrates recovery by “all” of the
creditors; and (ii) the debtor transferred the assets to another with the
express purpose of reclaiming them subsequently. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DWS at para 69.

106 It is relevant to start by considering the historical background to s 73B
of the CLPA.

(a) To begin with, in 1571, the Elizabethan Statute, otherwise known as the
Fraudulent Conveyances Act 1571, provided for the setting aside of fraudulent
transactions when there was bankruptcy or insolvency. The relevant provisions
were as follows:

For the avoiding and abolishing of feigned, covinous and fraudulent
feoffments, gifts, grants, alienations, conveyances … which feoffments, gifts,
grants, alienations, conveyances … have been and are devised and contrived of
malice, fraud, covin, collusion or guile, to the end, purpose and intent, to
delay, hinder or defraud creditors and others of their just and lawful
actions, suits, debts. …

II Be it therefore … enacted … that all and every feoffment, gift, grant,
alienation, bargain and conveyance of lands … had or made to or for any intent
or purpose before declared and expressed, shall be from henceforth deemed and
taken … to be clearly and utterly void, frustrate, and none effect. …

…

VI Provided also … that this Act … shall not extend to any estate or interest
in lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases, rents, commons, profits, goods or
chattels, had, made, conveyed or assured … which Estate or Interest is or
shall be upon good consideration and bona fide lawfully conveyed or assured to
any person or persons … not having at the time of such conveyance or assurance
to them made, any manner of notice or knowledge or such covin, fraud or
collusion as is aforesaid …

(b) In 1924, the Law of Property (Amendment) Act 1924 (c 5) (UK) repealed the
Elizabethan Statute. This was provided for in para 31 of Part II of the Third
Schedule, which stated:

32 The following provisions shall be substituted for statute 13 Elizabeth c.
5:—

“(1) Save as hereinafter provided, every conveyance of property made whether
before or after the commencement of this Act, with intent to defraud
creditors, is voidable, at the instance of any person thereby prejudiced.

(2) This provision does not—

(a) affect the operation of a disentailing assurance, or the law of bankruptcy
for the time being in force; or

(b) extend to any estate or interest in property conveyed for valuable
consideration and in good faith, or upon good consideration and in good faith,
to any person not having, at the time of the conveyance, notice of the intent
to defraud creditors.”

(c) In 1925, the above amendment was reproduced in s 172 of the Law of
Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK), with slight stylistic amendments:

172 Voluntary conveyances to defraud creditors voidable.

(1) Save as provided in this section, every conveyance of property, made
whether before or after the commencement of this Act, with intent to defraud
creditors, shall be voidable, at the instance of any person thereby
prejudiced.

(2) This section does not affect the operation of a disentailing assurance, or
the law of bankruptcy for the time being in force.

(3) This section does not extend to any estate or interest in property
conveyed for valuable consideration and in good faith or upon good
consideration and in good faith to any person not having, at the time of the
conveyance, notice of the intent to defraud creditors.

(d) Due to the entering into force of the Application of English Law Act 1993
(No 35 of 1993) (now, the Application of English Law Act 1993 (2020 Rev Ed)),
the then Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1985 Rev Ed) was
amended to include s 73B, which substantially replicates s 172 of the Law of
Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK).

107 It will be recalled that the defendant’s primary position is that the
Elizabethan Statute was intended to apply only to a specific form of
transaction. In this regard, the defendant relies on Amy Sepinwall’s academic
commentary that the Elizabethan Statute was only intended to deal with the
situation where the debtor seeks to frustrate recovery on the part of all of
his creditors, by transferring title of his assets to another entity with the
express purpose of reclaiming them once the debtor was beyond the reach of his
creditors. By this argument, the Elizabethan Statute “did not seek an even
distribution among all creditors”, but “merely sought to prevent situations
where the debtor attempted to safeguard assets for his own enjoyment” (see Amy
J Sepinwall, “Righting Others’ Wrongs: A Critical Look at Clawbacks in Madoff-
type Ponzi Schemes and Other Frauds” (2012) 78(1) Brooklyn Law Review 1 at
25–26). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities dated 12 May 2023 (“DBOA”) Vol 2 at pp
1592–1593.

However, in my view, the defendant’s position is inconsistent with the Court
of Appeal’s pronouncement in Quah Kay Tee (at [26]) that the purpose of the
Elizabethan Statute is to “prevent debtors from dealing with their property in
any way to the prejudice of their creditors”. The statute is thus intended to
apply widely, and not to a specific form of transaction as contended by the
defendant.

108 In any event, regardless of the purpose of the Elizabethan Statute, I do
not think that Parliament intended for s 73B of the CLPA to be applied in the
restrictive manner that the defendant proposes.

109 To begin with, based on a plain reading of s 73B, all that is required is
that: (a) the debtor conveyed property; (b) the debtor intended to defraud
creditors; and (c) the creditor seeking relief was prejudiced by the foregoing
conveyance of property. The statutory provision does not require the debtor to
transfer title of his assets to another with the express purpose of reclaiming
them once the debtor was beyond the reach of his creditors. Had Parliament
intended for this requirement – which might have been contemplated under the
Elizabethan Statute – to apply in Singapore, it would have expressly included
such a requirement in s 73B. The absence of this requirement must mean that s
73B does not apply in as restrictive a manner as the defendant seeks to make
out.

110 Further, as a matter of policy, if s 73B applies only in the narrow
situation when: (a) the fraudulent transfer frustrates recovery by “all” of
the creditors; and (b) the debtor transfers the assets to another with the
express purpose of reclaiming them subsequently, it is conceivable that
debtors can avoid having their transactions set aside under s 73B by simply
ensuring that neither requirement is satisfied. Section 73B of the CLPA is a
provision that exists for the general protection of a debtor’s creditors.
Indeed, unlike the other avoidance provisions, s 73B’s protection is
comparatively broader as it is not limited by a requirement of proximity to
the debtor’s insolvency (see the Court of Appeal decision in Larsen Oil and
Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the Cayman Islands and
in compulsory liquidation in Singapore) [2011] 3 SLR 414 at [55]). In line
with the principle of purposive interpretation, the courts cannot endorse an
interpretation that is so narrow that it would render the intended protection
illusory.

The payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums falls within the definition of
“conveyance” in s 2 of the CLPA

111 Second, I am satisfied that the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums
constitutes a conveyance within the definition of s 2 of the CLPA. Section 2
provides that a conveyance “includes assignment, appointment, lease,
settlement and other assurance made by deed on a sale, mortgage, demise or
settlement of any property, and on any other dealing with or for any
property”. Although the present application does not involve real property
that one may expect when reading s 2, the statutory provision is broad enough
to cover the payment of moneys pursuant to an agreement. Further, “property”
is also defined in s 2 to include “real and personal property”. Thus,
considering both definitions of “conveyance” and “property” in s 2, it must be
the case that the payment of moneys constitutes a conveyance. Indeed, in the
High Court decision of Sim Guan Seng (at [139]), the court held that “there
can be no doubt” that the bankrupt’s transfer of shares to the second
defendant was a conveyance of property. Similarly, there can be no doubt that
the transfer of moneys was a conveyance of property for the purposes of s 73B
of the CLPA.

The Overwithdrawn Sums were paid with the intent to defraud creditors

112 Third, I find that the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant,
being payments of fictitious profits under a Ponzi scheme, was made with the
intent to defraud creditors. This is because: (a) the main characteristics of
a Ponzi scheme give rise to constructive fraud, where fraudulent intent is
presumed; and (b) in the alternative, the perpetrator of a Ponzi scheme
actually intends to defraud existing and future creditors.

113 As a preliminary point, I begin by analysing the characteristics of a
Ponzi scheme. It is apt to start with the Court of Appeal decision of Perry,
Tamar and another v Esculier, Jacques Henri Georges and another [2023] 2 SLR
30 (“Perry Tamar (CA)”) (at [1]), where the court provided the following
definition of such schemes:

The essence of any Ponzi scheme entails the circulation of money among the
scheme’s investors. Like in all Ponzi schemes, some investors suffer losses,
others make gains depending on when they entered and exited their investment.
Typically, later investors in a Ponzi scheme will not benefit because at some
stage, the money cycle will run out. …

114 As the definition of a Ponzi scheme has been subject to limited discussion
by the Singapore courts (though see the High Court decision of Tradewaves Ltd
v Standard Chartered Bank and another suit [2017] SGHC 93 at [2]), it is
useful to set out the extensive discussion of Ponzi schemes by foreign courts,
where succinct descriptions of such schemes have been provided:

(a) In the English High Court decision of Bull v Gain Capital Holdings Inc
[2014] EWHC 539 (Comm) (at [28]), the court stated that some of the investors
will receive an extraordinarily high return, “not from profitable investment …
but from money put in by other investors”. Therefore, a Ponzi scheme requires
“enough funds [to] keep coming in to enable the fraud to be maintained”, and
when this ceases to be the case, “unless a massive speculative gain can be
achieved, the scheme is bound to collapse”.

(b) The New South Wales Supreme Court in Re Courtenay House Capital Trading
Group Pty Limited (in liquidation) [2020] NSWSC 780 (at [15]), citing the
Queensland Court of Appeal decision in R v Lovell [2012] QCA 43 at [30],
defined a Ponzi scheme as follows: “a fraudulent investment operation that
pays returns to investors from their own money or money paid into the scheme
by subsequent investors rather than from any actual profit earned from money
invested”. Because the scheme entices new investors by offering abnormally
high and consistent returns, the perpetuation of a Ponzi scheme “requires an
ever increasing flow of money from subsequent investors to keep the scheme
going”.

(c) Miller J in his minority opinion in the New Zealand Court of Appeal
decision of McIntosh v Fisk [2016] 2 NZLR 783 (“McIntosh (CA)”) (at [107])
stated that the distinctive characteristic of Ponzi schemes is that they “do
not generate profits sufficient to yield their promised profits but rather use
new investor money to pay ‘profits’ and to repay existing investors, with each
such payment exacerbating the scheme’s financial position”.

(d) In Canada, the Supreme Court of British Columbia in Terry v Bryson [2014]
BCSC 522 (at [2]) described a Ponzi scheme as “one in which the scheme
operators do not make genuine investments with the funds provided by the
investors”. The returns are fictional because “the initial investors are paid
their returns from contributions made by later investors”.

(e) In the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit decision of Re
Agricultural Research Technology Group 916 F.2d 528 (1990) (at 531), the court
highlighted that a Ponzi scheme involves “an enterprise mak[ing] payments to
investors from the proceeds of a later investment rather than from profits of
the underlying business venture, as the investor expects”. Therefore, a Ponzi
scheme is fraudulent because it “giv[es] other investors the impression that a
legitimate profit making business opportunity exists, where in fact no such
opportunity exists”. Also, the US Securities and Exchange Commission defines a
Ponzi scheme as “an investment fraud that pays existing investors from funds
collected from new investors”, where “scheme organizers often promise high
returns with little or no risk” (see US Securities and Exchange Commission,
Ponzi Schemes  (accessed on 21 February 2024)).

(f) In the Privy Council decision of Fairfield Sentry Ltd (in Liquidation) v
Migani and others [2014] UKPC 9 (at [3]), Lord Sumption stated that “[i]t is
inherent in a Ponzi scheme that those who withdraw their funds before the
scheme collapses escape without loss, and quite possibly with substantial
fictitious profits. The loss falls entirely on those investors whose funds are
still invested when the money runs out and the scheme fails”.

115 From the foregoing, and despite the many ways in which a Ponzi scheme may
be carried out, it is clear that the following characteristics are common to
Ponzi schemes generally: (a) there is no genuine investment; (b) earlier
investors received the moneys paid by subsequent investors, which the scheme
disguises as fictitious profits; (c) to sustain the illusion of a profitable
investment, there must be a constant inflow of moneys from investors; and (d)
the scheme collapses when the moneys from subsequent investors are
insufficient to pay earlier investors.

116 In the present application, based on the Agreed Facts, it is not
disputable that EAM was engaging in a Ponzi scheme, because it is an agreed
fact that the purported nickel trading was non-existent (see [18(b)] above).
It is also an agreed fact that the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid out of moneys
invested by other investors in the Envy Companies, rather than any proceeds of
the purported nickel trading (see [18(c)] above). Further, the scheme
eventually collapsed in 2021.

117 I turn to explain my finding that the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid with
the intent to defraud creditors.

118 To begin with, this is because a Ponzi scheme operator possesses an actual
intention to defraud future and existing creditors. A Ponzi scheme operator
must have intended to defraud future investors, because he must have known
that the scheme will eventually collapse, but nevertheless makes payment to
present investors. Therefore, the only reasonable inference is that the
operator actually intended to defraud future investors (see the US District
Court for the District of Utah decision of In Re Independent Clearing House Co
77 BR 843 (1987) (“In Re Independent Clearing House Co”) at 860).

119 In this connection, there therefore exists in the US a “Ponzi scheme
presumption”, where proof of a Ponzi scheme satisfies the requirement for
actual intent, because transfers made in the course of a Ponzi scheme
operation are presumed to have been made for no purpose other than to hinder,
delay or defraud creditors (see In re Manhattan Inv Fund Ltd 397 BR 1 (NYSD US
Bankruptcy Court, 2007) at 8; see also, David R Hague, “Expanding the Ponzi
Scheme Presumption” (2015) 64 DePaul L Rev 867 (“Expanding the Ponzi Scheme
Presumption”)). While this presumption has not been applied in Singapore, I
consider that there are good reasons to adopt this presumption in Singapore.
The result of adopting this presumption is that, by virtue of the existence of
a Ponzi scheme in the present case, it is presumed that the Overwithdrawn Sums
were paid with the actual intent to defraud EAM’s creditors.

120 For completeness, while I find that a Ponzi scheme may satisfy the
requirements for constructive fraud, I conclude that they are not established
in the present application. To begin with, the classic example of constructive
fraud is “a voluntary conveyance made by a man deeply indebted” [emphasis in
original omitted] (see Quah Kay Tee at [23]). In this regard, a Ponzi scheme
with no genuine investment and high promised rates of return is constructively
fraudulent because it is insolvent from the outset, given that its total
liabilities will always exceed its total assets from the moment that it takes
in its first “investment” (see the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of Ohio decision of In re Taubman 160 BR 964 (1993) at 978). However,
I note that EAM did not guarantee that profits would be paid out. To the
contrary, it promised only that investors would receive “a minimum equivalent
to 85%” of its initial investment sum. As such, it cannot be concluded that
there was constructive fraud. Finally, I disagree with the defendant’s
submissions that, because EAM paid the Overwithdrawn Sums to keep the Ponzi
scheme alive, it did not amount to an intent to hinder, delay, or defraud
one’s creditors. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at para 58.

In this regard, I respectfully disagree with a concurring opinion in the US
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Bernard, which is a decision the
defendant relies on. In Bernard, Circuit Judge Steven Menashi held in a
concurring opinion (at [203]) that “it is unclear that the statutory phrase
‘intent to hinder, delay, or defraud’ [as was used in the Elizabethan Statute
and adopted in § 548 of the US Bankruptcy Code] would by itself include
repayments to creditors simply because such repayments are a critical part of
the Ponzi scheme”. In my respectful view, the fact that payments of fictitious
profits are a critical part of the Ponzi scheme does not mean that they cannot
be, at the same time, made with an intent to hinder, delay, or defraud one’s
creditors. To the contrary, such payments are a critical part of the Ponzi
scheme precisely because they are made with an intent to hinder, delay, or
defraud the creditors. An intent to prolong the scheme by paying out
fictitious profits is not mutually exclusive with an intent to hinder, delay
or defraud the scheme’s creditors. Indeed, I would go so far as to postulate
that they are two sides of the same coin, since the longer the scheme is
dragged out, the greater the magnitude of the fallout that would ensue when
the scheme finally unravels.

121 Accordingly, on the basis of the Agreed Facts, while I do not rely on the
constructive fraud doctrine to presume an intent to defraud, I am satisfied
that the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid with an actual intent to defraud EAM’s
creditors.

The defendant has not provided valuable consideration

122 Finally, I do not think that the defendant has provided valuable
consideration as required by s 73B(3) of the CLPA.

(1) There is no binding local authority on the analysis of valuable
consideration in a Ponzi scheme

123 The defendant argues that the local decisions of Perry Tamar (SICC) and
Perry Tamar (CA) suggest that valuable consideration may be provided in a
Ponzi scheme. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DWS at paras 42 and 78; Defendant’s Further Written Submissions dated 7 June
2023 (“DFWS”) at para 23.

I disagree with the defendant’s reliance on these cases. Instead, I agree with
the claimants that these cases can be sensibly distinguished.

124 In Perry Tamar (SICC), the court held that “the fact that an investment
agreement may turn out to be a sham and the profits fictitious does not, in
law, mean that there is no consideration for the payment out of moneys
apparently owing” (at [152]). This was upheld in Perry Tamar (CA) (at [54]).
As I have mentioned, the defendant claims that this is authority that valuable
consideration may be provided by investors of a Ponzi scheme. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 78.

However, these observations were made in the context of whether a party was a
bona fide purchaser for value without notice and in the context of applying
Hong Kong law. In so far as the issues in Perry Tamar (SICC) and Perry Tamar
(CA) are not on all fours with that in the present application, these
observations may be of limited value to the present application.

(2) There is no valuable consideration on the terms of the LOAs

125 Further, on the facts of the present application, pursuant to the terms of
the LOAs, the defendant did not in fact provide any valuable consideration for
its receipt of the Overwithdrawn Sums.

126 To begin with, it is well established that consideration for a promise is
one of the necessary requirements to establish that a contract has been
formed. Traditionally, consideration for a promise can take the form of a
benefit or detriment; it is usually “merely the same thing looked at from
different points of view”, because a benefit to the seller is usually a
detriment to the buyer (see Chitty on Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 34th Ed,
2021) (“Chitty on Contracts”) at para 6-003). It is also well established that
a contract must be performed precisely as agreed between the contracting
parties (see Chitty on Contracts at paras 24-001 to 24-004). Mr Teo relies on
this principle to submit that the principal sum can only be consideration for
the exact obligations set out in the LOAs, which were not performed. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

YICWS at para 101.

Further, the claimants and Mr Teo submit that pursuant to cll 1.2, 1.8, 2.1,
and 3 (see [8] above), the defendant is entitled to the Overwithdrawn Sums
only where there is an actual appreciation of the value of the Poseidon Nickel
purchased by EAM in accordance with the LOAs. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

CWS at para 4.5.1; YICWS at paras 100–104.

And for there to be an actual appreciation of the value of the Poseidon
Nickel, there must have been an underlying investment to begin with. Because
there was never any investment to begin with, there could not have been actual
appreciation of the value of the Poseidon Nickel, and therefore the defendant
could not be said to have provided consideration for the Overwithdrawn Sums
that it was never entitled to.

127 I agree with the claimants’ and Mr Teo’s conclusion. In my view, the
relevant principle is that consideration must be “referrable” to the promise
(see Michael Furmston and G J Tolhurst, Contract Formation: Law and Practice
(Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2016) (“Contract Formation”) at 356). As the
learned authors of Contract Formation explain (at 356), “[i]t is a requirement
for an enforceable contract that ‘the statement or announcement which is
relied on as a promise was really offered as consideration for the doing of
the act [or the giving of a counter-promise], and that the act [or counter-
promise] was really done in consideration of a potential promise inherent in
the statement or announcement’”, citing the High Court of Australia decision
of Australian Woollen Mills Pty Ltd v Commonwealth (1954) 92 CLR 424
(“Commonwealth”) at 456. Indeed, in Commonwealth, the court provided the
following example to explain this requirement of referability (at 456–457):

… [T]here must subsist, so to speak the relation of a quid pro quo. One simple
example will suffice to illustrate this. A, in Sydney, says to B in Melbourne:
“I will pay you £1,000 on your arrival in Sydney”. The next day B goes to
Sydney. If these facts alone are proved, it is perfectly clear that no
contract binding A to pay £1,000 to B is established. For all that appears
there may be no relation whatever between A’s statement and B’s act. It is
quite consistent with the facts proved that B intended to go to Sydney anyhow,
and that A is merely announcing that, if and when B arrives in Sydney, he will
make a gift to him. The necessary relation is not shown to exist between the
announcement and the act. Proof of further facts, however, might suffice to
establish a contract. For example, it might be proved that A, on the day
before the £1,000 was mentioned, had told B that it was a matter of vital
importance to him (A) that B should come to Sydney forthwith, and that B
objected that to go to Sydney at the moment might involve him in financial
loss. These further facts throw a different light on the statement on which B
relies as an offer accepted by his going to Sydney. They are not necessarily
conclusive but it is now possible to infer (a) that the statement that £1,000
would be paid to B on arrival in Sydney was intended as an offer of a promise,
(b) that the promise was offered as the consideration for the doing of an act
by B, and (c) that the doing of the act was at once the acceptance of an offer
and the providing of an executed consideration for a promise. The necessary
connection or relation between the announcement and the act is provided if the
inference is drawn that A has requested B to go to Sydney.

128 The learned authors further explain (at 358–360) that the concept of
“referability” has two aspects, namely: (a) causation; and (b) intention and
the need for there to be a bargain. In terms of causation, the learned authors
explain that “there must be evidence that one reason why the counter-promise
was made or the relevant act carried out was to purchase the promisor’s
promise”. There must, therefore, be a link between the promisee’s act or
promise and the promisor’s promise. As the learned authors explain (at 358),
this is related to the requirement that there be an intention to contract. If
a promisee’s act is not related to the promisor’s promise, then it might be
said that the promisee never intended to contract with that promisor (see, for
example, the High Court of Australia decision of R v Clark (1927) 40 CLR 227).
As for the second aspect of intention and the need for there to be a bargain,
it is necessary from the promisor’s perspective that the counter-promise or
act is set up as the price for the promisor’s promise such that a bargain
results. Thus, as Lindley LJ (as he then was) said in the seminal English
Court of Appeal decision of Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Co [1893] 1 QB 256
(at 264), “[d]oes not the person who acts upon this advertisement and accepts
the offer put himself to some inconvenience at the request of the defendants”?

129 All that said, this principle that consideration must be “referrable” to
the promise needs to be adapted to fit within s 73B(3) of the CLPA. This is
because while a promise can be consideration if referrable to a counter-
promise, with no necessity that the counter-promise is eventually performed, s
73B(3) is very specific that the valuable consideration must be in relation to
the “estate or interest in property disposed of”. This would therefore
preclude any argument that the defendant did provide valuable consideration by
way of its promise to pay the initial investment sum for (and referable to)
EAM’s counter-promise to perform its obligation as set out in cl 3 of the
LOAs. Instead, for the defendant to come within the defence in s 73B(3) of the
CLPA, it must prove that any valuable consideration it gave to EAM, in the
form of the initial investment sum, was valuable consideration for the
Overwithdrawn Sums. The requirement of referability necessitates a connection
between the defendant’s promise to pay the initial investment sum and its
receipt of the Overwithdrawn Sums.

130 This is where the defendant faces an insurmountable difficulty. By cl 3 of
the LOAs, the defendant’s payment of the initial investment sum was valuable
consideration for EAM’s counter-promise to: (a) repay this sum; and (b) had
there been an appreciation of the Poseidon Nickel, to pay the “appreciation”
sum, less the relevant costs and commission due to EAM (see [8] above).
However, EAM’s eventual payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums has nothing to do
with this counter-promise in cl 3 under the LOAs.

131 In this regard, since there can be no investment to speak of in a Ponzi
scheme, there could have been no appreciation of the Poseidon Nickel purchased
by EAM: as the operator of a Ponzi scheme, EAM did not invest in any Poseidon
Nickel. If this is the case, then the defendant could never have obtained, and
so did not obtain, any payment that constituted appreciation on its
“investment” from EAM. Nevertheless, the defendant received the Overwithdrawn
Sums. Yet, the consideration provided by the defendant in the form of its
initial investment sum was never for the Overwithdrawn Sums. Rather, the
defendant’s consideration was provided for EAM’s specific counter-promise
under cl 3 of the LOAs to pay the “appreciation” sum. However, because there
was no investment to speak of, there could never have been any appreciation of
the Poseidon Nickel purchased by EAM, and so EAM could never have performed cl
3 of the LOAs. Accordingly, the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums could not
have been, and so was not, in discharge of EAM’s obligation to pay the
“appreciation” sum, less the relevant costs and commission due to EAM, under
cl 3 of the LOAs. Therefore, the payment of the Overwithdrawal Sums was an
extra-contractual payment. It follows that the defendant could not have
provided any valuable consideration for its receipt of the Overwithdrawn Sums.
By this analysis, the defendant did not provide any consideration, let alone
valuable consideration, for the Overwithdrawn Sums so as to come within the
defence in s 73B(3) of the CLPA.

132 As Mr Teo points out, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

YICWS at para 103(a).

this analysis is consistent with the analysis undertaken by the majority in
the New Zealand Supreme Court decision of McIntosh v Fisk [2017] 1 NZLR 863
(“McIntosh (SC)”). In that case, Ross Asset Management (“RAM”) perpetrated a
Ponzi scheme where RAM would enter into a funds management arrangement with
investors. Under this arrangement, investors paid moneys to RAM for the latter
to manage their investment portfolio and purchase shares on their behalf. RAM
did neither of these. The appellant-investor, Mr McIntosh, was an investor
that had fortunately withdrawn his investment before RAM collapsed into
insolvent liquidation. Upon his withdrawal, the investor had been paid a sum
of NZ$954,047 that comprised his principal investment sum of NZ$500,000 and
“profits” of NZ$454,047. Given that RAM was a Ponzi scheme, the “profits” that
the investor had been paid were funds that other investors had invested into
RAM. They were, therefore, fictitious “profits”. The liquidators of RAM
brought an action to claw back the “profits” that had been paid to the
investor. The investor resisted this and argued that he was entitled to retain
the “profits” as he provided valuable consideration to RAM through various
means.

133 Whether the investor was entitled to do so depended on how the provisions
in the New Zealand Companies Act 1993 (the “CA (NZ)”) and the New Zealand
Property Law Act 2007 (the “PLA (NZ)”), all of which deal with the setting
aside of dispositions by an insolvent company, applied to the Ponzi scheme
that RAM had operated. In particular, the liquidators sought recovery of the
profits by relying on: (a) s 345–s 348 of the PLA (NZ), as payments made with
intent to prejudice creditors and without the receipt of reasonably equivalent
value in exchange; (b) s 292 and s 294 of the CA (NZ), as payments made when
RAM was unable to pay its due debts and enabling the investor to receive more
than he would in a liquidation; and (c) s 297 of the CA (NZ), as payments made
at an undervalue when RAM was unable to pay its due debts. For present
purposes, as MacKenzie J summarised in the New Zealand High Court stage of
this case, under s 345 to s 348 of the PLA (NZ), a court “may make an order
requiring the recipient to pay reasonable compensation to the applicant, if it
is satisfied that the applicant has been prejudiced by a payment made by a
debtor who was insolvent at the time, and made with intent to hinder, delay,
or defeat a creditor in the exercise of any right of recourse of the creditor
in respect of the property, or without receiving reasonably equivalent value
in exchange” (see the New Zealand High Court decision of Fisk v McIntosh
[2015] NZHC 1403 at [28]). However, s 349(1) of the PLA (NZ) provides a
similar defence as s 73B(3) of the CLPA, in the following terms:

349 Protection of persons receiving property under disposition

(1) A court must not make an order under section 348 against a person who
acquired property in respect of which a court could otherwise make the order
and who proves that—

(a) the person acquired the property for valuable consideration and in good
faith without knowledge of the fact that it had been the subject of a
disposition to which this subpart applies; or

(b) the person acquired the property through a person who acquired it in the
circumstances specified in paragraph (a).

134 The majority of the New Zealand Supreme Court held that the investor had
not provided valuable consideration for the fictitious “profits”. Among other
arguments, the investor argued that the payment of the full sum NZ$954,047
(comprising both his principal of NZ$500,000 and the fictitious “profits” of
NZ$454,047) constituted RAM’s discharge of its contractual obligations to him.
The majority dismissed this argument, because the investor’s provision of the
initial capital was for RAM’s promise that he would be entitled to the actual
returns from the shares RAM purchased on his behalf. Since RAM did no such
thing, and the profits he received were all fictitious, the investor could not
be said to have provided consideration by the provision of the initial capital
for such “profits”. Indeed, the majority found that this argument was
“untenable in circumstances where the ‘performance’ is simply the expression
of the fraud perpetrated on the investors of the Ponzi scheme” (see McIntosh
(SC) at [122]). This is therefore similar to the analysis I have undertaken in
the present case – by the terms of the LOAs, the defendant’s provision of the
initial investment sum cannot be said to be valuable consideration for the
Overwithdrawn Sums. The “performance” of the LOAs by EAM was the perpetration
of fraud onto investors, with no real appreciation on the initial investment
sum. At best, the defendant is entitled to be returned its initial investment
sum, which is the antecedent debt owed to it by EAM, though I note that EAM is
not seeking a return of the initial investment sum from the defendant in the
present application.

135 It follows from the above that I disagree with Mr Teo’s specific reliance
on the proposition that a contract must be performed precisely, as support for
his position that the defendant did not provide valuable consideration for the
Overwithdrawn Sums. Rather, the correct principle is that consideration must
be referrable to the promise. Nevertheless, I consider the underlying
substance of Mr Teo’s argument to be similar to my analysis above. As I
understand it, Mr Teo relies on the proposition that a contract must be
performed precisely to support the general point that the payment of the
Overwithdrawn Sums by EAM did not constitute performance of EAM’s obligations
under the LOAs. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

YICWS at para 101.

I agree with this general point (see [131] above). However, speaking for
myself, I prefer to avoid the language of performance (which Mr Teo has used)
because the point really is that no contractual obligation for the payment of
the Overwithdrawn Sums was ever formed in the first place. It must be
remembered that while the issue of consideration goes to the formation of a
contract, the issue of performance goes to the breach of a contract.

136 Be that as it may, my conclusion remains that the defendant provided no
valuable consideration for the Overwithdrawn Sums so as to come within the
defence under s 73B(3) of the CLPA.

(3) There should not be a general proposition that no valuable consideration
can ever be provided in a Ponzi scheme

137 For completeness, I turn to the question of whether there should exist a
general proposition that no valuable consideration can ever be provided in a
Ponzi scheme. The claimants argue that there are a number of foreign decisions
stating that no valuable consideration can be provided to Ponzi scheme
operators in exchange for the fictitious profits paid out of the Ponzi scheme,
because as its name suggests, these profits are wholly fictitious. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

CWS at para 3.4.1.

(A) The foreign decisions do not speak with one voice

138 In considering this question, I turn first to the decisions where the
courts have discussed the issue of valuable consideration in Ponzi schemes, be
it on the principal sum, or the fictitious profits, or both. Generally, the
cases can be divided into two categories: (a) where the courts laid down a
general proposition that valuable consideration can never be provided in Ponzi
schemes; and (b) where the courts did not lay down such a general proposition.

(I) The relevant foreign statutory provisions

139 Because of the references I will make to various foreign statutory
provisions, it is relevant to first set them out.

140 Starting with the US, Title 11 Bankruptcy Code USC (US) (1982) § 548(a)
(the “US Bankruptcy Code”) provides:

§ 548. Fraudulent transfers and obligations

(a)(1) The trustee may avoid any transfer … of an interest of the debtor in
property, or any obligation … incurred by the debtor, that was made or
incurred on or within 2 years before the date of the filing of the petition,
if the debtor voluntarily or involuntarily —

(A) made such transfer or incurred such obligation with actual intent to
hinder, delay, or defraud any entity to which the debtor was or became, on or
after the date that such transfer was made or such obligation was incurred,
indebted; or

(B)(i) received less than a reasonably equivalent value in exchange for such
transfer or obligation; and

(ii)(I) was insolvent on the date that such transfer was made or such
obligation was incurred, or became insolvent as a result of such transfer or
obligation;

(II) was engaged in business or a transaction, or was about to engage in
business or a transaction, for which any property remaining with the debtor
was an unreasonably small capital;

(III) intended to incur, or believed that the debtor would incur, debts that
would be beyond the debtor’s ability to pay as such debts matured; or

…

141 Relatedly, the Uniform Voidable Transactions Act (US) § 3439.04(a) (the
“UVTA”) states:

(a) A transfer made or obligation incurred by a debtor is voidable as to a
creditor, whether the creditor’s claim arose before or after the transfer was
made or the obligation was incurred, if the debtor made the transfer or
incurred the obligation as follows:

(1) With actual intent to hinder, delay, or defraud any creditor of the
debtor.

(2) Without receiving a reasonably equivalent value in exchange for the
transfer or obligation, and the debtor either:

(A) Was engaged or was about to engage in a business or a transaction for
which the remaining assets of the debtor were unreasonably small in relation
to the business or transaction.

(B) Intended to incur, or believed or reasonably should have believed that the
debtor would incur, debts beyond the debtor’s ability to pay as they became
due.

142 Next, in New Zealand, s 296(3) of the CA (NZ) provides that:

(3) A court must not order the recovery of property of a company (or its
equivalent value) by a liquidator, whether under this Act, any other
enactment, or in law or in equity, if the person from whom recovery is sought
(A) proves that when A received the property—

(a) A acted in good faith; and

(b) a reasonable person in A’s position would not have suspected, and A did
not have reasonable grounds for suspecting, that the company was, or would
become, insolvent; and

(c) A gave value for the property or altered A’s position in the reasonably
held belief that the transfer of the property to A was valid and would not be
set aside.

143 Also in New Zealand, s 349(1)(a) of the PLA (NZ) provides as follows:

349 Protection of persons receiving property under disposition

(1) A court must not make an order under section 348 against a person who
acquired property in respect of which a court could otherwise make the order
and who proves that—

(a) the person acquired the property for valuable consideration and in good
faith without knowledge of the fact that it had been the subject of a
disposition to which this subpart applies; or

(b) the person acquired the property through a person who acquired it in the
circumstances specified in paragraph (a).

(2) A court may decline to make an order under section 348, or may make an
order under section 348 with limited effect or subject to any conditions it
thinks fit, against a person who received property in respect of which a court
could otherwise make the order and who proves that—

(a) the person received the property in good faith and without knowledge of
the fact that it had been the subject of a disposition to which this subpart
applies; and

(b) the person’s circumstances have so changed since the receipt of the
property that it is unjust to order that the property be restored, or
reasonable compensation be paid, in either case in part or in full.

(II) Decisions that lay down a general proposition

144 I begin with the US decisions. These decisions have generally held that
payments made to investors in a Ponzi scheme are voidable if they exceed the
investor’s initial investment. The US courts have done this by recognising
that the investor gives value via the amount of the initial investment and is
therefore entitled to retain that amount. However, they have consistently held
that the investor does not give value for any amount paid out in excess of the
initial investment sum. The underlying policy is that an investor should not
retain the profits earned from the fraud of the Ponzi scheme operator, as this
would unfairly enrich early investors at the expense of later investors.

145 Thus, in the US District Court for the District of Utah decision of In re
Independent Clearing House Co, the court considered whether under § 548(a)(2)
of the US Bankruptcy Code, the debtor “received less than a reasonably
equivalent value in exchange for such transfer or obligation”. The court
concluded that the debtors did not receive value in exchange for the transfers
(at 859). Importantly, in reaching this conclusion, the court opined that, as
a general proposition, in the context of Ponzi schemes, no value can ever be
given (at 859):

“Value” must be determined by an objective standard. See Pereira v. Checkmate
Communications Co. (In re Checkmate Stereo Elecs., Ltd.), 9 B.R. 585, 591
(Bankr.E.D.N.Y. 1981). If the use of the defendants’ money was of value to the
debtors, it was only because it allowed them to defraud more people of more
money. Judged from any but the subjective viewpoint of the perpetrators of the
scheme, the “value” of using others’ money for such a purpose is negative. See
also Lawless v. Anderson (In re Moore), 39 B.R. 571, 573 (Bankr.M.D.Fla. 1984)
(the court “would be hard pressed to determine what would constitute
reasonably equivalent value” for transfers in furtherance of a Ponzi scheme).
But see Larrimer v. Feeney, 192 A.2d at 354 (implying that transfers were not
fraudulent to the extend they did not exceed the legal rate of interest).

…

… But if all the debtor receives in return for a transfer is the use of the
defendant’s money to run a Ponzi scheme, there is nothing in the bankruptcy
estate for the creditors to share. In fact, by helping the debtor perpetuate
his scheme, the transfers exacerbate the harm to creditors by increasing the
amount of claims while diminishing the debtor’s estate. In such a situation,
the use of the defendant’s money cannot objectively be called “reasonably
equivalent value.”…

146 Similarly, in the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit decision of
Donell v Kowell 533 F.3d 762 (9th Cir, 2008) (“Donell”), the court held that
under § 3439.04(a) of the UVTA, which is substantially similar to § 548(a)(2)
of the US Bankruptcy Code, there can never be reasonably equivalent value
provided for the fictitious profits in a Ponzi scheme. The starting point is
that value cannot be analysed in contractual terms because “the purpose is not
to identify binding agreements, but to identify transfers made with no
rational purpose except to avoid creditors” (at 777). Based on the economic
exchange in a Ponzi scheme, although there may be reasonably equivalent value
for the initial investment sum, no such value can ever exist for the
fictitious profits (at 777–778):

Payment of “profits” made by Ponzi scheme operators are not payments of return
on investment from an actual business venture. Rather, they are payments that
deplete the assets of the scheme operator for the purpose of creating the
appearance of a profitable business venture. Id. at 756-57… Up to the amount
that “profit” payments return the innocent investor’s initial outlay, these
payments are settlements against the defrauded investor’s restitution claim.
Up to this amount, therefore, there is an exchange of “reasonably equivalent
value” for the defrauded investor’s outlay. Amounts above this, however, are
merely used to keep the fraud going by giving the false impression that the
scheme is a profitable, legitimate business. These amounts are not a
“reasonably equivalent” exchange for the defrauded investor’s initial outlay.

147 The Canadian courts have adopted a position consistent with the US Courts.
For instance, the Ontario Supreme Court in Den Haag Capital, LLC v Margaret
Correia 2010 ONSC 5339 (“Den Haag Capital”) affirmed the US decisions that
ruled that no value may be provided on the fictitious profits in a Ponzi
scheme (at [36]):

… Generally the courts have held that a debtor does not receive reasonably
equivalent value for payments made to its investors which represent
distributions in excess of the principal investment. The “good faith and for
value” defence, the onus of which is upon the Defendants here, is not
available to shield an investor in a Ponzi scheme from having to return sums
received in excess of his or her investment, because as a matter of law, one
does not provide “value” in exchange for “profit” in a Ponzi scheme. Mr.
Goldberg concluded that the profit or net winnings paid by Den Haag to the
Defendants would be recoverable under both the actual and constructive fraud
provisions of the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act.

148 Subsequently, the Supreme Court of British Columbia in Boale, Wood &
Company Ltd v Whitmore 2017 BCSC 1917 (“Boale”) affirmed Den Haag Capital (at
[70]):

… In my view, it cannot be sensibly contended that the defendant provided any
consideration, let alone good or valuable consideration, for the receipt by
him of the Excess. I agree with the observations of the United States Court of
Appeals in Donell and of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice in Den Haag
Capital that the perpetrator of a Ponzi scheme does not receive “reasonably
equivalent value” or “good consideration” for payments made to investors that
are in excess of the investors’ capital investment. That is because there is
no provision of “value” in exchange for “profit” in a Ponzi scheme. Likewise,
the recipient of the fictitious profits provides no consideration. While
innocent investors in such schemes invest with the expectation of profit as
consideration for them having invested in a legitimate business enterprise,
what they receive beyond the money they invest, if anything, is not
consideration for their investment but rather the principal invested by others
in the scheme.

149 Finally, in New Zealand, Miller J in his dissenting judgment in McIntosh
(CA) held that the investor provided no valuable consideration for both the
initial investment sum and the fictitious profits. The relevant statutory
provision was s 296(3) of the CA, which requires that there is “value [given]
for the property”, and s 349(1)(a) of the PLA, which requires that the
investor “acquired the property for valuable consideration”. Miller J opined
that “an investor’s antecedent contribution to a Ponzi scheme is not nearly
equivalent to the payment that the scheme makes to the same investor on his
timely exit; indeed, it delivers no value at all” (at [99]). This is because
the distinct characteristic of a Ponzi scheme is that it does not “generate
profits sufficient to yield their promised profits but rather use[s] new
investor money to pay ‘profits’ and to repay existing investors, with each
such payment exacerbating the scheme’s financial position” (at [107]).
Therefore, in Miller J’s view, “the introduction of new money creates no value
but merely delays and worsens the inevitable ruin” (at [107]).

150 On appeal to the New Zealand Supreme Court, Glazebrook J in her dissenting
judgment in McIntosh (SC) agreed with the majority that the investor provided
no valuable consideration for the fictitious profits (at [244]):

Under his contract with RAM, the $500,000 should have been invested on Mr
McIntosh’s behalf. He would have been entitled to all the returns on that
investment but in fact no investment was made. The $500,000 therefore did not
generate any returns for Mr McIntosh and it cannot have provided value for the
fictitious returns made. The fact that there was a contractual right to earn
management fees or the potential for RAM to use the funds to generate income
does not mean value was given either, because the reality was that neither
occurred. RAM received no return on the $500,000, either at the time of the
initial ‘investment’ or over the subsequent four and a half years, as it was
used to perpetuate the fraud. …

This, as I have discussed above, is not dissimilar from the approach taken by
the majority in McIntosh (SC).

151 However, Glazebrook J also held that the investor provided no valuable
consideration for the payments equal to the initial investment sum of
NZ$500,000 (at [282]). Among other reasons, it is interesting to consider the
policy reasons considered by Glazebrook J (at [275]–[276]):

[275] The operation of a Ponzi scheme cannot, however, in any way be described
as an ordinary commercial transaction. The only purpose of the scheme is to
defraud investors. I accept that Mr McIntosh was an innocent investor who had
no knowledge of the fraud. However, this was the same for all the investors.
In policy terms an accident of timing as to when funds are withdrawn should
not favour one defrauded investor over another. This is particularly the case
as the very essence of a Ponzi scheme is that investment by new investors is
used to pay out those investors who wish to withdraw their funds. As the
liquidators submit, the very purpose of the payments made to Mr McIntosh was
to defraud other investors.

[276] As a further policy point, knowledge that the consequences of a fraud,
at least on the scale of a Ponzi scheme, will rest on investors equally may
encourage more diligence on the part of investors. In this case it may have
meant investors would have had an incentive to make further inquiry into
returns that were, as it turned out, too good to be true. This may have meant
that the fraud was discovered earlier and the resultant liability of RAM (and
harm to investors) mitigated.

152 In summary, the foregoing decisions from the US, Canada, and New Zealand
suggest that where Ponzi schemes are concerned, there can never, as a general
matter, be valuable consideration provided for the fictitious profits paid to
an investor. Generally, these courts have reasoned that, due to the fraudulent
nature of Ponzi schemes, the fictitious profits are not the fruits of genuine
investments, but merely the principal sums invested by other investors. As
such, the investor’s initial Investment sum can never be valuable
consideration for such supposed profits. The New Zealand decisions by the
minority judges in McIntosh (CA) and McIntosh (SC) go further to suggest that
there can never be valuable consideration provided for both the fictitious
profits and the initial investment sum, because the initial investment sum did
not generate any value at all, and instead merely delays the inevitable
collapse of the Ponzi scheme (see McIntosh (SC) at [270], citing McIntosh (CA)
at [107]).

(III) Decisions that do not lay down a general proposition

153 Unlike the foregoing decisions, there have been decisions which do not lay
down a general proposition that there can never be valuable consideration in
respect of the appreciation proceeds from a Ponzi Scheme. Rather, these
decisions decided whether there was such valuable consideration by examining
the facts of the case at hand. For example, the Alberta Queen’s Bench (Canada)
decision of Re Titan Investments Ltd Partnership (2005) 383 AR 323 (QB) took a
fact sensitive approach. The court considered that on the facts of the case,
the investors achieved average realisations of 242% on their initial
investment sum, with some receiving as high as 5,500%. Based on these numbers,
the court held that “realizations of between 242% and 5,500% based on units
fraudulently valued at more than five times their actual value [did] not
constitute fair and reasonable payments relative to the amounts [they]
invested” (at [31]). By this reasoning, it is conceivable that had the
fictitious profits been of a less extravagant quantum, the court may have
concluded that there was fair and reasonable consideration provided by the
investors for the fictitious profits.

154 Further, the majority in the New Zealand Supreme Court in McIntosh (SC)
considered that the existence of a Ponzi scheme should not influence the
analysis of whether valuable consideration had been given. In finding that
valuable consideration was provided on the initial investment sum of
NZ$500,000 into a Ponzi scheme, the court held as follows (at [100] and
[113]):

110\. … We consider that, in the circumstances of this case, it would be
unfair to refuse to recognise that $500,000 as value simply because the legal
consequence of the misappropriation of the funds meant that his money became
part of the co-mingled trust fund, rather than money available to unsecured
creditors. That would effectively put the appellant in the position where the
claw back regimes in the Companies Act and Property Law Act apply to him (even
though the value he gave did not become money which was available to RAM’s
unsecured creditors) but the value defences in both Acts do not (for the very
reason that the value he gave did not become money available to unsecured
creditors).

113\. … We accept the appellant’s submission that the fact that, after
receipt, the recipient acts fraudulently in a way that destroys the value of
what has been provided should not undermine the nature of the value given. We
do not, therefore, agree with the analysis of Glazebrook J in this Court and
Miller J in the Court of Appeal insofar as they would calculate the value
given by the creditor on the basis of the value received by the fraudulent
receipient.

In sum, the court considered two factors. The first is that there is
unfairness in not recognising the valuable consideration provided on the
initial investment sum that is later returned merely due to the legal
consequence of the misappropriation of the funds (at [100]). The second is
that the court should not approach the analysis of valuable consideration with
the benefit of hindsight and knowledge that the Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent
transaction (at [113]).

155 However, with regard to the fictitious profits of NZ$454,047, the majority
held that no valuable consideration had been provided. First, as opposed to
the initial investment sum that can be seen as discharging an antecedent debt
to the creditor, the component of NZ$454,047 did not involve any discharge of
an unquantified claim. Instead, the sum of NZ$454,047 was the “product of
fictitious entries in reports made to the [creditor] by [the Ponzi scheme
operator]”, and therefore was “the method of implementing the fraud
perpetuated on the [the creditor] by [the Ponzi scheme operator]” (see
McIntosh (SC) at [128]). Second, the court rejected the argument that the
total sum of NZ$954,047 is real and substantial value for a quantified
antecedent debt of NZ$500,000. The court agreed with the lower court that, in
the absence of any antecedent debt for the sum of NZ$454,047 or some other
consideration, there was no value for that component (at [132]–[133]). In sum,
rather than lay down and rely on a general proposition that there can never be
valuable consideration provided in a Ponzi scheme, the majority took pains to
decide the matter based on the specific facts of the case. This approach is
therefore markedly different from that taken by the cases discussed in the
previous section.

(B) There should not be a general proposition in relation to valuable
consideration for Ponzi schemes

156 With the above cases and materials in mind, I respectfully decline to
adopt the position set out in many of the foreign decisions that no valuable
consideration can ever be provided in a Ponzi scheme. I do so on the basis of
precedent, principle, and policy.

157 First, as a matter of precedent, the question of consideration under s
73B(3) of the CLPA must be analysed using the principles of contract law (see
Rothstar at [24]). This means that I may not follow the foreign decisions that
have laid down a general proposition on the basis of rejecting the contractual
analysis as undertaken in Rothstar. As mentioned above (see [146]), the US
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit observed that value cannot be analysed
in contractual terms because “the purpose is not to identify binding
agreements, but to identify transfers made with no rational purpose except to
avoid creditors” (see Donell at 777).

158 Further, these decisions analyse the issue of valuable consideration with
the benefit of hindsight that a Ponzi scheme is involved. Therefore, because
an essential characteristic of a Ponzi scheme is that there is no legitimate
investment involved, the investors who receive fictitious profits cannot be
said to have provided valuable consideration. However, as the Court of Appeal
recognised in Mercator & Noordstar NV v Velstra Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
[2003] 4 SLR(R) 667 at [41], reference to subsequent events may not be made to
determine the value of consideration. This means that it would not be
appropriate to analyse the issue of valuable consideration with the benefit of
hindsight. In this regard, while my present analysis – that the payments were
extracontractual sums (see [130]–[131] above) – appears to be with the benefit
of hindsight, I emphasise that it is not, with reference to an analogy of an
unprofitable business. Suppose an unprofitable business paid out “profits” to
investors. If these “profits” were contractually stipulated to be paid out
when the business made profits, then payments by an unprofitable business
would be extracontractual payments not pursuant to valuable consideration from
the investors. This would have been known to the investor at the outset. It is
thus clear that the present analysis disregards any notion of whether the
business is legitimate or fraudulent, but instead, focuses on whether there
was valuable consideration for the payments made. Therefore, with these two
reasons in mind, it will be contrary to established precedent to adopt an
analysis of s 73B(3) that is unique to Ponzi schemes.

159 Second, even if I were not constrained by precedent, as a matter of
principle, I do not think it is correct to adopt an analysis unique to Ponzi
schemes in Singapore. To begin with, in so far as the CLPA was intended by
Parliament to apply generally to conveyances of property, endorsing an
application of s 73B(3) of the CLPA in an idiosyncratic manner specific to
Ponzi schemes would be contrary to the legislative intention. More crucially,
this assumes that Ponzi schemes are always easy to define with certainty.
Although I have endeavoured to describe the main characteristics of a Ponzi
scheme, with the passage of time, it is not inconceivable that such schemes
may evolve. It is therefore undesirable to lay down a fixed definition of
Ponzi schemes, which must necessarily be done should s 73B(3) of the CLPA be
applied in a fixed manner specific to Ponzi schemes. In this regard, in New
Zealand, it has been recognised that “[i]t will not always be clear whether a
debtor was running a Ponzi scheme or engaging in legitimate business activity
… a failing company may have the appearance of a Ponzi scheme as the debtor
transfers incoming receipts to meet outgoings (see New Zealand Ministry of
Business, Innovation and Employment on behalf of the Insolvency Working Group,
Report No. 2 of the Insolvency Working Group, on voidable transactions, Ponzi
schemes and other corporate insolvency matters (May 2017) at para 158).

160 One instance of such difficulty is if a Ponzi scheme is merely partial,
ie, there is both legitimate and fraudulent activity. To illustrate, a partial
Ponzi scheme may arise if an investor received profits of $100, of which $99
was from legitimate investment activity, but $1 was merely the initial
investment sum of another investor. If there were to be a general proposition
that no valuable consideration can ever be provided in a Ponzi scheme, the
investor’s total profit of $100 may be voidable. This would be unfair because
it would disproportionately invalidate even the legitimate part of the
transaction, which was in fact the overwhelming majority of the transaction.
On the other hand, by not laying down a general proposition, and analysing
whether the investor provided valuable consideration for the total profit it
received, the result would be that the sum of $1 is voidable because no
valuable consideration had been provided for that portion of the profits.

161 Another instance of difficulty is if a Ponzi scheme does not arise during
conception, ie, the entirety of the scheme operator’s activity was initially
legitimate. Laying down a general proposition that no valuable consideration
can ever be provided in a Ponzi scheme would create evidential difficulties of
proving when the scheme arose, and whether the scheme operator intended to
perpetrate a Ponzi scheme at the time it entered into contracts with
investors. Again, to illustrate, suppose that the scheme operator entered into
a contract with an investor at a time when all of his business activity was
legitimate. When he realises that he cannot afford to pay profits to the
investor, he decides to turn his business into a Ponzi scheme. At the time of
contracting, there was arguably valuable consideration provided by the
investor. Yet, with the application of a general proposition, the investor
would be deemed to not have provided valuable consideration.

162 Third, as a matter of policy, it has been suggested by David Hague that,
in a situation that is not a classic Ponzi scheme, investors may be able to
establish the defence that they received the fictitious profits in good faith
and for reasonably equivalent value. Referring to the general proposition
approach, the author suggests that “[i]n an area where equity reigns supreme,
this should not be the law” (see Expanding the Ponzi Scheme Presumption at
906).

163 Indeed, it has been further suggested that investments – whether into
legitimate products or Ponzi schemes – are inherently risky. A risk that
investors accept when they deposit substantial sums is that the investment
might later turn out to be a Ponzi scheme. To illustrate, when A’s house is
destroyed by a meteorite and B’s neighbouring house escapes unscathed, B is
not obliged to contribute to alleviate A’s loss. In another scenario, if both
A and B advance money into an entirely legitimate investment scheme that
subsequently goes awry, but A cashes out at the time it was profitable while B
does not, upon the company’s liquidation, there is no legal requirement to
equalise the losses between A and B. In the context of a Ponzi scheme, it is
unclear why the law should be applied differently, in that an investor who
receives fictitious profits before the scheme collapses must share the losses
of investors who unfortunately do not receive such profits (see Nina Opacic
and Trish Keeper, “Losing Sight of Certainty: An Analysis of New Zealand’s
Voidable Transaction Regime in Light of Fisk v McIntosh  (8 November 2016) at
25).

164 If indeed Parliament desired a blanket approach to be taken in relation to
Ponzi schemes, it would have legislated for that approach. In the absence of
such targeted legislation, I do not think that the courts can, contrary to the
non-specific provisions in the CLPA and the IRDA, lay down a general
proposition that would practically mean that an investor in a Ponzi scheme can
never recover his supposed profits. This is a question of policy that is for
Parliament to decide. Indeed, contrary to the hypothetical situation envisaged
in the foregoing paragraph, it has been said by Miriam Cherry and Jarrod Wong
that “even though both the winning and the losing investor are equally
blameless, the latter will suffer the greater loss in relative terms quite
simply because that investor was ‘not so lucky’”. In the authors’ view, “it is
precisely this unfairness that justifies the treatment of any payments made to
the winning investors representing profit that is avoidable as fraudulent
transfers and requires their disgorgement for the benefit of the losing
investors” (see Miriam A Cherry and Jarrod Wong, “Clawbacks: Prospective
Contract Measures in an Era of Excessive Executive Compensation and Ponzi
Schemes” (2009) 94 Minnesota Law Review 368 at 403–404). However, framed this
way, it is clear that this is really a matter for Parliament to set down as a
matter of policy.

165 Accordingly, although it appears that valuable consideration within the
meaning of s 73B(3) of the CLPA is often not provided in a Ponzi scheme, I am
hesitant to lay down a general proposition that no valuable consideration can
ever be provided in a Ponzi scheme.

166 The result of the discussion above is that I find that the Overwithdrawn
Sums were paid to the defendant with the intent to defraud creditors of EAM
within the meaning of s 73B of the CLPA. Further, I find that the defendant
does not come within the defence under s 73B(3) of the CLPA.

Whether the Overwithdrawn Sums paid to the defendant were transactions at an
undervalue within the meaning of s 224(3) of the IRDA

The parties’ positions

167 I turn now to the arguments that centre on s 224(3) of the IRDA. The
claimants submit that the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant
were: (a) gifts; (b) transactions on terms that provided for the Envy
Companies to receive no consideration; or (c) transactions for a consideration
the value of which, in money or money’s worth, was significantly less than the
value, in money or money’s worth, of the consideration provided to the Envy
Companies.

168 In this regard, the claimants submit that the Envy Companies did not
receive consideration for the Overwithdrawn Sums paid to the defendant,
because such payments were used to perpetuate the front that the purported
nickel trading was genuine and paying out profits to the investors. However,
the Overwithdrawn Sums did not actually arise from profits out of a legitimate
enterprise. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

CWS at paras 4.4–4.5.

169 Accordingly, the claimants submit that any Overwithdrawn Sums paid to the
defendant are liable to be clawed back pursuant to s 224(3) of the IRDA. In
this regard, the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid within the period starting three
years before the commencement of the winding up of the Envy Companies. This is
because the winding up commenced on 2 July 2021, and the earliest withdrawal
which resulted in the defendant becoming overwithdrawn was on 28 April 2020.
In any event, the earliest payment took place on 30 December 2019. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 4.3.4.

My decision: the Overwithdrawn Sums paid to the defendant were transactions at
an undervalue within the meaning of s 224(3) of the IRDA

The applicable law

170 Under s 224 of the IRDA, a transaction that was entered into by a company
at an undervalue can be set aside. The relevant principles are as follows:

(a) A company enters into a transaction at an undervalue where it makes a
gift; the transaction is on terms that provide for the company to receive no
consideration; or under the transaction, the company receives consideration
the value of which, in money or money’s worth, is significantly less than the
value, in money or money’s worth, of the consideration provided by the company
(see s 224(3)). In this regard, the comparison of value received and provided
must be from the perspective of the insolvent grantor, ie, the company (see
Rothstar at [25]). To assess if value was provided, the touchstone is whether
there was a bargain of such magnitude that cannot be explained by normal
commercial practice (see the High Court decision of Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd
(in liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 15 at [94]).

(b) The relevant time is three years before the commencement of winding up of
the company (see s 226(1)(a)).

(c) The company must be unable to pay its debts at that time, or unable to pay
its debts in consequence of the transaction (see s 226(2)).

(d) If the company entered into the transaction in good faith and for the
purpose of carrying on its business, and at that time it had reasonable
grounds for believing that the transaction would benefit the company, the
transaction will not be set aside (see s 224(4)).

171 Additionally, in the High Court decision of DDP (in his capacity as the
joint and several trustees of the bankruptcy estate of [B]) and another v DDR
(a minor) and another [2023] SGHC 285, the court set out the relevant
principles for s 438 of the IRDA, which has, as one of its elements, a debtor
entering into a transaction with another person at an undervalue (at
[28]–[29]):

28 It is relevant to highlight that s 438 was introduced into the IRDA to
replace s 73B of the CLPA 1994. The following observations made by the Law
Reform Committee in 2013 are instructive (see Singapore, Ministry of Law,
Report of the Insolvency Law Review Committee: Final Report (2013)
(Chairperson: Lee Eng Beng SC) (the “Report”) at pp 184–185).

(a) Section 73B of the CLPA 1994 mirrors the language of s 172 of the Law of
Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK), the latter having since been repealed and
replaced with s 423 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (the “UK IA”).

(b) There are three main differences between s 73B of the CLPA 1994 and s 423
of the UK IA. First, s 423 focuses on transactions at an undervalue, which is
a narrower category than s 73B that applies to “every conveyance of property”.
Second, s 423 eschews the requirement of having to prove an “intention to
defraud creditors” in favour of a subjective inquiry into the purpose of the
transaction. Third, s 423 provides prescriptive remedies, while s 73B simply
provides that a successfully impugned transaction is voidable.

(c) Given that claims under s 73B of the CLPA 1994 are closely intertwined
with insolvency proceedings, s 73B should be shifted to the IRDA and amended
to mirror s 423 of the UK IA. This has the advantage of, among others,
ensuring that the scope of the provision coincides with its underlying policy
rationale, ie, preserving the net asset value of the company for distribution
amongst its creditors.

29 In my view, these observations are instructive as to how s 438 of the IRDA
is to be interpreted. It is clear from these observations that s 438 of the
IRDA is not meant to be an exact replica of s 73B of the CLPA 1994. Therefore,
the cases interpreting s 73B may be of limited value in the interpretation of
s 438. Conversely, as noted in the Report, the new s 438 of the IRDA is meant
to mirror s 423 of the UK IA. This must mean that the cases interpreting s 423
of the UK IA are highly persuasive in the interpretation of s 438 of the IRDA.
Of course, s 438 is to be interpreted with its underlying policy rationale in
mind, which is to preserve the net asset value of the company concerned so as
to maximise the possible distribution to the creditors.

I note that there are some differences between s 224 and s 438 of the IRDA.
Nevertheless, both deal with transactions at an undervalue, and the principles
regarding that in s 438 may be relevant to s 224.

The requirements for setting aside the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums
pursuant to s 224 of the IRDA are satisfied

172 With the above in mind, I am satisfied that the claimants’ case under s
224 of the IRDA is made out. First, EAM had paid the Overwithdrawn Sums to the
defendant within the relevant time in s 226(1)(a) of the IRDA, ie, three years
before the winding-up application against it was made by the IJMs on 2 July
2021. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Yap’s Affidavit at para 2.2.6.

Indeed, pursuant to cl 3 of the LOAs, the defendant received the Overwithdrawn
Sums at the end of each calendar month following the months between June 2019
and February 2020 (see [8]–[9] above).

173 Second, EAM had been unable to pay its debts during the relevant time. As
mentioned (see [120] above), a Ponzi scheme is insolvent from the outset.
Therefore, when the defendant contracted to receive the Overwithdrawn Sums
between June 2019 and February 2020, EAM was already insolvent. Not only is
this evident from it being a Ponzi scheme, EAM had also consistently used its
moneys to pay, among others: (a) NYZ, other directors, and employees; (b) its
overhead costs; and (c) referral fees and fictitious profits to investors who
had invested in the scheme before the defendant.

174 Third, I am satisfied that the analysis of consideration in s 224(3)(a) of
the IRDA should mirror my earlier analysis of s 73B(3) of the CLPA. There is
no meaningful distinction that can be drawn between the two provisions as
regards this aspect. Therefore, to recapitulate, since the LOAs provide that
the defendant could receive profits only if there had been an appreciation in
the value of Poseidon Nickel purchased by EAM, and because there was no
investment in Poseidon Nickel and therefore no appreciation to speak of in
EAM’s Ponzi scheme, the defendant provided no consideration for its receipt of
the Overwithdrawn Sums.

175 I am fortified in this conclusion by the English Court of Appeal decision
of BAT Industries plc and others v Sequana SA [2019] Bus LR 2178 (“Sequana
(CA)”). In this case, a company, AWA, paid a dividend to its sole shareholder
and parent company, Sequana, at a time when AWA was subject to considerable
contingent liabilities relating to clean-up costs and damages claims arising
out of river pollution in the United States. The dividend payment was
challenged under s 423 of the UK Insolvency Act, which is in pari materia to s
438 of our IRDA, and most material for present purposes, has as one of its
elements a requirement that the impugned transaction be a “transaction at an
undervalue”. As I have noted at [171] above, this operative phrase is common
to both s 438 and s 224 of the IRDA.

176 One of the issues that arose was whether the dividend payment by AWA could
constitute a “transaction at an undervalue” for the purposes of s 423 of the
UK Insolvency Act. The English Court of Appeal answered in the affirmative,
and more specifically, found that the dividend payment was a transaction on
terms which provided for AWA to receive no consideration. David Richards LJ
(as he then was) explained this conclusion in the following terms (see Sequana
(CA) at [50]):

Once it is accepted that the payment of a dividend involves the payment of
funds beneficially owned by a company to its shareholders, the question under
s 423(1) remains whether the terms on which the dividend is declared or paid
“provide for [the company] to receive no consideration”. In my judgment, it
cannot be said that the company receives consideration for the payment of a
dividend. It is not enough to say that the dividend is paid in accordance with
the rights attached to the shares, where those rights are quite different
from, for example, the right to receive interest payments on loan notes or the
right to be considered for bonus declarations on a with-profits fund. If and
when a company pays a dividend to shareholders, the terms of the dividend do
not provide for the company to receive any consideration nor will it receive
any consideration. It might be said that to come within the second limb of s
423(1)(a) the terms must expressly provide for no consideration but in my view
that would be too literal a reading of the provision. Parliament can hardly
have intended the operation of the section to depend on the vagaries of
drafting styles.

177 I find this reasoning to be both instructive and applicable to the present
context of EAM’s payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums. In my view, a dividend
payment and the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums by EAM have a common core:
both are payments to which the payee had no legal right to call upon, or put
differently, both were not payments in discharge of any legal liability or
obligation owed by the payee. It is well-established that shareholders of a
company generally do not have any legal right to be paid dividends, since a
profitable company may either pay dividends to its shareholders or choose to
reinvest the profits for some other purpose. As David Richards LJ points out
in the passage above, their status as shareholders is a necessary but
insufficient condition for them to be paid dividends, since the decision to
make distributions is ultimately a matter of discretion on the part of the
company. The learned judge thus drew a distinction between a dividend payment
and interest payments on a loan, which I respectfully consider to be apposite.
Presumably, it is a necessary implication of the English Court of Appeal’s
decision that it did not think that the initial investment which a shareholder
puts up when buying into the company could constitute consideration for
subsequent dividend payments.

178 In the present application, I have noted above (at [131]) that the fact
that EAM did not actually invest in any Poseidon Nickel meant that it was
impossible for it to ever come under an obligation to pay the Overwithdrawn
Sums, which purportedly represented the appreciation on the Poseidon Nickel
that it did not invest in. As I see it, there is therefore no material
distinction that can be drawn between the dividend payment by AWA in Sequana
(CA) and the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums by EAM. It follows that the
same conclusion as in the former should follow in the present application.

179 For completeness, I note that while the English Court of Appeal decision
in Sequana (CA) did go on final appeal to the UK Supreme Court, the UK Supreme
Court seminal decision in BTI 2014 LLC v Sequana SA and others [2022] 3 WLR
709 (“Sequana (SC)”) only addressed the issue relating to the directors’ duty
to have regard to the interests of the company’s creditor when the shadow of
insolvency looms over the company. There was no appeal against the English
Court of Appeal’s findings on the avoidance action under s 423 of the UK
Insolvency Act (see Sequana (SC) at [353] per Lady Arden JSC).

180 Fourth and finally, EAM cannot rely on the defence in s 224(4) of the
IRDA. Indeed, EAM has not attempted to claim as such. Rather, it is the
defendant, who has contended that it is a bona fide investor and has used the
Overwithdrawn Sums for legitimate purposes. However, it must be remembered
that the analysis in s 224(4) examines the intention of the company who
entered into the transaction, and not the counterparty to the transaction. It
is clear that EAM did not enter into the transaction in good faith and for the
purpose of carrying on its business. There was no business to speak of. The
only business EAM had – loosely put – was defrauding investors.

Whether the defendant was unjustly enriched by the payment of the
Overwithdrawn Sums to the detriment of EAM

The parties’ positions

181 I turn finally to the arguments that centre on whether the defendant was
unjustly enriched. The claimants submit that the defendant was unjustly
enriched by the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums at the expense of EAM, and
that the relevant unjust factor here is failure of consideration or failure of
basis. This is because, there being no appreciation of Poseidon Nickel
purchased by EAM, the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant
lacked consideration. Consequently, the defendant ought to make restitution of
the Overwithdrawn Sums to the claimants. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

CWS at paras 7.2.1–7.2.2.

182 The defendant submits that the claimants may not recover the Overwithdrawn
Sums pursuant to the LOAs. This is because, in the defendant’s submission, the
claimants cannot establish the unjust factor of total failure of
consideration. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DWS at para 96.

Further, the defendant contends that it may in any event rely on the defence
of change of position. Because it acted in good faith in changing its position
in reliance of its receipt of the Overwithdrawn Sums, it would be inequitable
for the court to order restitutionary recovery against it. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DWS at para 97.

183 Mr Teo submits that there is no unjust factor giving rise to a claim for
unjust enrichment. In particular, the unjust factor of total failure of
consideration or failure of basis does not arise in the present application.
This is because total failure of consideration must be distinguished from
absence of consideration, and similarly, failure of basis is distinct from
absence of basis. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

YICWS at paras 165–182.

My decision: the defendant was not unjustly enriched by the Overwithdrawn Sums
at the expense of EAM

The applicable law

184 At the outset, although the law of unjust enrichment ranks next to
contract and tort as part of the law of obligations (see the Court of Appeal
decision of Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boon Hua and
others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 at [181]), a claim in unjust
enrichment can operate only if there is no valid contract between the parties,
save in exceptional cases (see the Court of Appeal decision of Esben Finance
Ltd and others v Wong Hou-Lianq Neil [2022] 1 SLR 136 (“Esben Finance”) at
[249]–[250]). The rationale for this is that “the law of restitution should
not redistribute the risks which the parties have, by contract, already
allocated” (see the High Court decision of Max Media FZ LLC v Nimbus Media Pte
Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 677 at [24]). The recognised exception is where there is
total failure of consideration (see the Appellate Division of the High Court
decision of Carlsberg South Asia Pte Ltd v Pawan Kumar Jagetia [2023] SGHC(A)
29 at [83], citing the Court of Appeal decision of Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v
Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another [2018] 1 SLR 239 (“Benzline”) at
[53]–[54]).

185 With that being said, the parties do not dispute that the requirements for
a claim in unjust enrichment are trite. As the Court of Appeal set out in
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540
at [110], these are:

(a) whether the defendant received a benefit, ie, whether he was enriched;

(b) whether the defendant was enriched at the claimant’s expense;

(c) whether it is unjust to allow the defendant to retain the enrichment, ie,
whether there is an unjust factor; and

(d) whether there are any defences available to the defendant.

Crucially, a claim in unjust enrichment is founded on the claimant’s loss, and
not the defendant’s fault (see Anna Wee at [109]). However, it ought to be
clarified that “loss” in the unjust enrichment sense is not the same as “loss”
in the compensatory sense. Because the remedy for unjust enrichment is
restitutionary in nature, “loss” as used in the context of unjust enrichment
connotes the claimant having incurred a loss through “giv[ing] up something of
economic value through the provision of [a] benefit” to the defendant (see the
UK Supreme Court decision of Investment Trust Companies v Revenue and Customs
Commissioners [2018] AC 275 at [45]).

186 However, is well established that restitutionary recovery demands more
than simply alluding to a subjective evaluation of unfairness or
unconscionability (see Anna Wee at [106], citing the High Court of Australia
decision of Farah Constructions Pty Limited v Say-Dee Pty Limited (2007) 230
CLR 89 at [150]). Instead, restitutionary recovery is premised on establishing
an unjust factor. Thus far, the following unjust factors have been applied in
Singapore:

(a) mistake (see the Court of Appeal decision of Singapore Swimming Club v Koh
Sin Chong Freddie [2016] 3 SLR 845);

(b) total failure of consideration, otherwise known as failure of basis (see
Benzline);

(c) lack of consent (see the High Court decision of Ong Teck Soon (executor of
the estate of Ong Kim Nang, deceased) v Ong Teck Seng and another [2017] 4 SLR
819 and Esben Finance);

(d) lack of capacity (see the High Court decision of Lim Heng How v Lim Meu
Beo [2020] 4 SLR 1217); and

(e) illegality (see the Court of Appeal decision of Ochroid Trading Ltd and
another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another [2018] 1
SLR 363).

187 There have been many more unjust factors catalogued in academic treatises,
which have been summarised in Anna Wee (at [132]–[133]):

132 … Burrows [The Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed,
2011)], for example, summarised the unjust factors as follows (at p 86):

As regards the cause of action of unjust enrichment, the main unjust factors
can be listed as follows: mistake, duress, undue influence, exploitation of
weakness, human incapacity, failure of consideration, ignorance, legal
compulsion, necessity, illegality and public authority ultra vires exaction
and payment.

133 Goff & Jones summarised them as follows (at para 1-22):

Lack of consent and want of authority; mistake; duress; undue influence;
failure of basis; necessity; secondary liability; ultra vires receipts and
payments by public bodies; legal incapacity; illegality; and money paid
pursuant to a judgment that is later reversed.

188 Where novel unjust factors are concerned, they ought to be recognised
incrementally, having regard to the particular facts and circumstances of each
case, and subject to two limits. First, the court would be slow to recognise a
novel unjust factor to the extent that such recognition would be redundant,
such as where it traverses the same ground as a more established legal
principle and would thereby denude the latter of legal significance. Second,
there must generally be no legal basis which justifies not reversing the
transfer of property or value in question, since an unjust factor must, by
definition, describe a state of affairs which is unjust (see Esben Finance at
[240] and [244]–[248]).

189 Also, I note the unresolved debate over whether Singapore law should adopt
the unjust factors approach or the absence of basis approach. However, in line
with the Court of Appeal in Anna Wee (at [129]), I proceed on the assumption
that the unjust factors approach applies instead of the absence of basis
approach. Indeed, as shall be seen shortly below, this distinction is integral
to my decision on the claimants’ unjust enrichment claim.

The defendant was not unjustly enriched by the Overwithdrawn Sums to the
detriment of EAM

190 I do not think that the claimants have established a claim in unjust
enrichment because there is no unjust factor applicable to the present case.

191 To begin with, because the claimants argue that there has been a total
failure of consideration, the present application falls within the recognised
exception set out in Benzline where, in principle, the law of contract and the
law of restitution can operate concurrently.

192 Turning to the substance of this argument, I first note that, although the
claimants refer to total failure of consideration and failure of basis, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

CWS at paras 7.1.3–7.1.4.

the two terms are synonymous (see Benzline at [46]). I will refer to the
unjust factor as “total failure of consideration”. At its core, the underlying
idea is that “the benefit [is] conferred on the joint understanding that the
recipient’s right to retain it is conditional. If the condition is not
fulfilled, the recipient must return the benefit” (see Benzline at [46],
citing Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The
Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) at para 12–01).

193 In my view, the unjust factor of total failure of consideration has not
been established in the present application. While there may have been an
absence of consideration with regard to the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums,
this is not the same as total failure of consideration. Indeed, the High Court
in Thong Soon Seng v Magnus Energy Group Ltd [2023] SGHC 5 (“Thong Soon Seng”)
recently confirmed that absence of consideration is not an unjust factor,
because this would be tantamount to adopting the absence of basis approach to
unjust enrichment that has not been endorsed in Singapore (at [63], citing
Anna Wee at [129]). In this regard, the court held (at [61] and [66]) that
although the plaintiff’s payment of a sum of S$4m to the defendant was
“evidentially indistinguishable from a voluntary payment made without reason”,
and this resulted in an “extremely odd” outcome, the law of unjust enrichment
could not assist the plaintiff. Vinodh Coomaraswamy J explained the reason for
this strict approach in the following terms (at [61]):

… But this odd outcome is the result of a well-known feature of the common law
of unjust enrichment. The law of unjust enrichment does not reverse a
voluntary payment simply because the payment was made without a basis or
without a reason. The law of unjust enrichment reverses only those enrichments
which it deems to be unjust. And it deems an enrichment to be unjust only if
the person seeking to reverse it is able to plead and prove a recognised
unjust factor (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 … at
[129]–[134]).

194 In the present application, similar to Thong Soon Seng, despite the
seeming anomaly of the outcome that the defendant provided no valuable
consideration for the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums by the claimants, it
is not appropriate for the law of unjust enrichment to intervene. This is
because “unjust enrichment is not based on a general notion of
unconscionability or unjustness”; there is “no freestanding claim in unjust
enrichment on the abstract basis that it is “unjust” for a defendant to retain
the benefit”. Instead, “there must be a particular recognised unjust factor or
event which gives rise to a claim” (see Anna Wee at [130] and [134]).
Therefore, because the claimants are unable to establish the unjust factor of
total failure of consideration, and are unable to establish that there is any
other unjust factor applicable to this case, their claim in unjust enrichment
fails.

Whether the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid to the defendant for the purposes of
putting assets beyond the reach of the creditors of EAM and/or prejudicing
their interests, within the meaning of s 438(4) read with s 439(1)(d) of the
IRDA

195 For completeness, I find that it is not necessary to set out any views on
the applicability of s 438 and s 439 of the IRDA to the present application.
Indeed, Mr Chan, who appeared for the claimants, acknowledged that s 438 and s
439 do not apply. This is because the last relevant transaction pursuant to
which EAM paid the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant was in February 2020,
which makes s 73B of the CLPA the applicable statutory provision instead.

Whether the defendant should pay the Overwithdrawn Sums to the claimants

The parties’ arguments

196 The claimants submit that if their application is allowed, they are
entitled to not only a repayment of the Overwithdrawn Sums, but also to
interest on the Overwithdrawn Sums at 5.33% per annum from 26 September 2022,
which is when the claimants first demanded repayment of the Overwithdrawn Sums
from the defendant. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

CWS at para 9.1.1.

In particular, based on my findings above that the claimants succeed on s 73B
of the CLPA, as well as s 224(3) of the IRDA, the claimants’ arguments are
that: (a) the Overwithdrawn Sums should be disgorged pursuant to s 73B once
its requirements are satisfied; and (b) the Overwithdrawn Sums should also be
ordered to be returned under s 224(3) because it would be “a departure from
the wide scope of the norm to refuse relief if all the other requirements of
the statutory provision are satisfied” (see the High Court decision of
Christie, Hamish Alexander (as private trustee in bankruptcy of Tan Boon Kian)
v Tan Boon Kian and others [2021] 4 SLR 809 (“Christie”) at [89]). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

CFWS at paras 5.4.1–5.4.3 and 6.2.11.

197 The defendant submits that even if the claimants’ application is allowed,
the court should not set aside the payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums, as this
would “uphold the principle of commercial certainty”, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 65.

and because the loss ought to lie where it falls. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DFWS at para 47.

Further, the defendant submits that it genuinely believed that it was earning
returns on an investment it had made with EAM. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS at paras 65–66.

In addition, in relation to the claimants’ case on unjust enrichment, the
defendant advances the change of position defence, and submits that it would
be “inequitable in all the circumstances to require it to make restitution of
the Overwithdrawn Sums”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DWS at para 97.

198 I note that Mr Teo did not take a position on this issue, because this was
not an issue that the court put before him.

My decision: The defendant is liable to pay the Overwithdrawn Sums and
interest thereon to the claimants

199 In my judgment, the defendant is liable to pay the Overwithdrawn Sums and
interest thereon to the claimants, beginning from the date the claimants first
demanded repayment of the Overwithdrawn Sums from the defendant. This amounts
to $2,319,484 and interest at 5.33% per annum since 26 September 2022 to the
date of this judgment.

200 First, as a matter of broad policy, the Supreme Court of British Columbia
decision of Boale is instructive. The court ordered the net winners in that
Ponzi scheme, ie, the investors who had received fictitious profits, to repay
the fictitious profits. Importantly, the court held that the trustees of the
vehicle used for the Ponzi scheme were “entitled to interest on that amount …
from the date of its demand for repayment of the judgment” (at [128]).

201 Second, I am satisfied that this court has the power to effect the broad
policy above through s 73B of the CLPA and s 224(3) of the IRDA. In
particular, it is clear that the invalidating effect of s 73B is to reverse
the transaction concerned so that the claimants are entitled to be, in effect,
repaid the Overwithdrawn Sums. Also, in relation to s 224(3), the defendant
has not given any good reason why the norm of repayment should not be ordered
(see Christie at [89]). In Christie, the court examined two cases where the
court had involved “wholly exceptional” facts (at [82]). For instance, there
was no simple way to restore the claimant to the position before the
transaction and the limited extent to which the defendant had benefitted (see
Christie at [84], citing the English High Court decision of Trustee in
Bankruptcy of Gordon Robin Claridge v Gordon Robin Claridge and another [2011]
EWHC 2047 (Ch) at [49]). In the other case, relevant factors include the
disproportionate effect a payment order would have on the defendant given the
defendant’s limited financial means, that the debt was a fair amount for the
work carried out, and that the defendant acted in good faith and had no reason
to question the payment at any material time (see Christie at [87], citing the
English High Court decision of Re Peter Herbert Fowlds (a bankrupt) Bucknall
and another (as joint trustees in bankruptcy of Peter Herbert Fowlds) v Wilson
[2020] EWHC 1200 (Ch) at [79]–[93]). I do not think that the defendant has
raised any such relevant factor in the present application.

202 I also do not accept the defendant’s argument that repayment would result
in commercial uncertainty, because commercial certainty would almost always be
affected when a court reverses a transaction under s 224(3) that the parties
had initially thought to be valid. In the same vein, I do not accept the
defendant’s argument that the loss ought to lie where it falls, because this
would completely undermine the purpose of s 73B of the CLPA and s 224(3) of
the IRDA. Also, even if the defendant did not know of EAM’s Ponzi scheme, that
cannot justify the refusal of relief because it is not a specific defence
provided for in s 224 of the IRDA.

203 For completeness, I do not need to deal with the defendant’s change of
position defence in relation to the claimants’ unjust enrichment claim since I
have not found in favour of the claimants there.

204 Finally, in an ordinary application, a victorious claimant who had earlier
demanded payment and commenced litigation due to the defendant’s non-payment
would also be entitled to interest at 5.33% per annum pursuant to s 12(1) of
the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “CLA”). There is no reason for me to
depart from this general position in the present application.

Conclusion

205 In conclusion, I find that EAM paid the Overwithdrawn Sums to the
defendant with the intent to defraud its creditors pursuant to s 73B of the
CLPA. I also find that, in the alternative, the Overwithdrawn Sums were paid
pursuant to transactions at an undervalue under s 224(3)(a) of the IRDA.
However, I dismiss the claim in unjust enrichment as the claimants have not
been able to establish an applicable unjust factor. Accordingly, the defendant
shall pay to the claimants the sum of $2,319,484 and interest thereon pursuant
to s 12(1) of the CLA, calculated at 5.33% per annum from 26 September 2022 to
the date of this judgment.

206 Given the length of this judgment, I summarise my findings based on the
Agreed Facts as follows:

(a) EAM does not hold the Overwithdrawn Sums on a Quistclose trust and/or an
institutional constructive trust for the defendant. The claimants are also
correct in their choice of avoidance provisions. The implication of this is
that the payments of the Overwithdrawn Sums are liable to be set aside under
the avoidance provisions in the IRDA (see [49]–[56], [63], and [76]–[84]
above).

(b) EAM paid the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant with the intent to
defraud its creditors pursuant to s 73B of the CLPA, because: (a) there was
actual fraud on the part of EAM; and (b) EAM did not receive valuable
consideration from the defendant for the Overwithdrawn Sums. There was actual
fraud because a Ponzi scheme operator must know that the scheme will
eventually collapse, and there is no legitimate purpose in the operation of
the scheme other than to defraud investors. With regard to the issue of
valuable consideration, I find that the defendant has failed to show that any
valuable consideration it provided to EAM – in the form of the initial
investment sum – was valuable consideration for the Overwithdrawn Sums, as
required under s 73B(3) of the CLPA. I find that because there was no
investment to speak of, the Poseidon Nickel held by EAM could not have
appreciated in value. Because EAM was contractually obliged to pay profits to
the defendant on the condition that there was appreciation, it did not receive
any valuable consideration for its payment. The Overwithdrawn Sums were an
extracontractual payment. I stress that my finding is based on the facts of
the present application, and I do not endeavour to lay down a general
proposition that no valuable consideration can ever be provided in a Ponzi
scheme (see [116]–[121], [125]–[136], and [156]–[165] above).

(c) EAM’s payment of the Overwithdrawn Sums to the defendant was a transaction
at an undervalue pursuant to s 224(3)(a) of the IRDA, because: (a) this was
within the relevant time of 3 years before EAM’s winding up; (b) EAM had been
unable to pay its debts during that time; (c) the defendant provided no
valuable consideration for its receipt of the Overwithdrawn Sums; and (d) EAM
did not enter into the transaction in good faith and for the purpose of
carrying out its business (see [172]–[180] above).

(d) The defendant was not unjustly enriched at the expense of EAM, because EAM
has not established the unjust factor of total failure of consideration (see
[190]–[194] above).

(e) I make no finding as to s 438 and s 439 of the IRDA because it does not
apply to the present application, which counsel for the claimants also
acknowledged (see [195] above).

207 Unless the parties are able to agree on costs, they are to tender written
submissions on the appropriate costs order within 14 days of this judgment,
limited to seven pages each.

208 In closing, I once again thank Mr Chan and Mr Pereira for their helpful
submissions, and especially Mr Teo for all his able assistance to the court.

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chan Ming Onn David, Fong Zhiwei Daryl, Lin Ruizi, Abhinav Ratan Mohan, Lai
Wei Kang Louis and Tan Wei Sze (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the claimants;  
Pereira Kenetth Jerald, Keerthana Narayanan and Ooi Tsu Chong David (Aldgate
Chambers LLC) for the defendant;  
Chan Michael Karfai (Breakpoint LLC) for Apex Veterinary Medical Pte Ltd, Teo
Wei Qiang Nicholas (Zhang Weiqiang) and Tan Toh Leng (watching brief);  
Ammani Mathivanan (Oon & Bazul LLP) for Tan Chay Guan (Mrs Vath III Chay Guan)
(watching brief);  
Joshua Chow Shao Wei (IRB Law LLP) for Tan Tor Boon Kris (watching brief);  
Claire Lim and Toh Yong Xiang (WongPartnership LLP) for Lau Lee Sheng, Teo Wei
Wen Benjamin, Koh Hong Jie (Xu Hongjie) and Guo Yujia (watching brief);  
Stuart Andrew Peter (Covenant Chambers LLC) for Shen Xuhuai (watching brief);  
Teo Jason (Setia Law LLC) as young independent counsel.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Feb 2024 (12:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

