Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2024] SGHCF 1

Originating Summons No 10 of 2023

Between

WTB

… Applicant

And

WTC

… Respondent

Judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial proceedings — Whether a second extension of time to
file a notice of appeal should be allowed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WTB

  
v

  

WTC

[2024] SGHCF 1

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Originating Summons No
10 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
11 January 2024

16 January 2024 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties obtained final judgment of their divorce on 31 May 2023. The
present application arises from the District Judge’s (“DJ”) order in FC/D
5459/2021 concerning the ancillary matters, in particular the division of
matrimonial assets and child maintenance. The Applicant Husband wanted to
appeal against the DJ’s orders that were handed down on 22 May 2023, but he
failed to file the Notice of Appeal within the stipulated time, which was 14
days after 22 May 2023. The Applicant then applied for an extension of time in
HCF/OSN 6/2023 on 22 June 2023. He said that he failed to file the Notice of
Appeal in time because he was in the process of obtaining legal aid. At the
hearing on 15 August 2023, I granted him leave to appeal within 14 days.
However, he failed to comply again, and now seeks a second extension of time
before me.

2 The Applicant Husband says that he did not know that he was supposed to file
a Notice of Appeal and that he did not know how to file a Notice of Appeal
within the stipulated time. I am unable to accept his reasons since no attempt
was made. With the experience of his first application for an extension of
time, he ought, at least, to seek help because he must know that a notice of
appeal does not appear by itself. I agree with counsel for the Respondent Wife
that there has been an unreasonable delay of 118 days from the last day the
Applicant was supposed to file his Notice of Appeal.

3 I am also of the view that the Applicant’s prospects of appeal are between
slim and none. He intends to appeal against (1) the value of their matrimonial
assets, in particular, his company New & Novel Engineering Pte Ltd, and (2)
the amount of child maintenance the DJ ordered. The basis for his appeal rests
on an accountant’s report showing that the company is worth zero dollars.
However, that accountant’s report is not a valuation report explaining why the
company has no funds — it is simply the annual report which compiled the
company’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. Those were
self-serving statements that were not accepted by the court below. Thus, I
dismiss his application and order costs of $500 to be paid by him to the
Respondent forthwith.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  

The applicant in person;  
Tan Yee Tat and Alvina Logan (Yeo & Associates LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Jan 2024 (12:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

